Thruway St. Louis Barge Operator Says Saving on Transportation Would Be Large ASSOCIATION TO STAGE DRIVE FOR MEMBERSHIP Possibility of 840 Miles of Water Traffic and Pay ing Investment (By United Press)
Minneapolis, Nov. 18.The Mississippi river can be made the greatest inland waterway in the world and the northwest can save $40,000,000 annually in its coal hill alone, according to Ed.
Goltray, St. Louis successful barge line operator, as he addressed the business men in their first conference of the Upper Mississippi Valley Waterways Association yesterday.
The duchess tells an excellent story about an ex-shah of Persia who was very fond of paying compliments to English ladies.
Properties Our worldwide manufacturing facilities occupy approximately 15 million square feet, including approximately nine million square feet in the U.S. Principal manufacturing facilities in the U.S. include our plants in Southern Indiana, Wisconsin, New York, Iowa, Tennessee, Georgia, Ohio and Minnesota, as well as an engine manufacturing facility in North Carolina, which is operated in partnership with CNH Global N. V. Manufacturing facilities outside of the U.S. include facilities located in the U.K., Brazil, India, Mexico, Canada, France, China, South Africa and Australia.
In addition, engines and engine components are manufactured by joint ventures or independent licensees at manufacturing plants in the U.K., France, China, India, Japan, Pakistan, South Korea, Turkey and Indonesia.
Chryseobacterium ginsenosidimutans  is a Gram-negative, strictly aerobic, non-spore-forming, rod-shaped, and non-motile bacteria from the genus Chryseobacterium which has been isolated from a field with Toxicodendron vernicifluum trees in Okcheon County in Korea.
The foci vary in size from that of a pea to a baseball, and may be few or many.
Sometimes there may be large areas of fibrous tissue in which no parenchymatous tissue appears or only remnants of tubules or glomeruli. '
Microscopically these tumors are composed of embryonic epithelium and connective tissue, the epithelium disposed as irregular tubules or remnants of tubules, while the connective tissue occurs around and between the epi- thelia tumor cells.
Another method is to surround the head and the trunk each by a plaster-of-Paris bandage, and to connect the two by a strong India-rubber band passing obliquely from one side to the other in such a position a3 to counteract the spasm of the affected muscle.
360 ATROPHIC PARALYSES.
This application claims priority to and the benefit of Korean PatentApplication Nos.
For example, the pilots that belong to the pilot sets S1 and S2 maybe DM (demodulation)-RS (reference signal) that are demodulationreference signals and other reference signals.
To measure interference between beams, a beam reference signal (e.g., aBSI (beam status information)-RS (reference signal)) that isperiodically transmitted through each of the plurality of fixing beamsBE2 a-BE2 h may be used.
A terminal may feedback intensity of at least one BSI-RS received by theterminal or a CQI (channel quality indicator) of at least one beamreceived by the terminal to the base station.
In a case where interference between beams is inevitable, the schedulerof the base station may predict interference between beams by usinginformation (e.g. the intensity of the BSI-RS or the CQI of the beam)fed back from the terminal(s) and may manage (or control) a datatransmission speed of each of the fixing beams BE2 a-BE2 h based on thepredicted interference between beams.
In this regard, the CQI of each beam maybe measured by the terminal(s) based on each beam reference signal(e.g., a BSI-RS) that has no interference between beams and isperiodically transmitted.
The methodof claim 8, wherein the receiving of the channel state informationregarding the plurality of beams includes: transmitting BSI (beam statusinformation)-RS (reference signal) through the plurality of beams; andreceiving the channel state information including a CQI (channel qualityindicator) measured based on the BSI-RS from a terminal that receivesthe BSI-RS.
The method ofclaim 17, wherein the receiving of the channel state informationregarding the plurality of beams includes: transmitting BSI (beam statusinformation)-RS (reference signal) through the plurality of beams; andreceiving the channel state information including a CQI (channel qualityindicator) measured based on the BSI-RS from a terminal that receivesthe BSI-RS. 19.
Microbialites and microbial communities: Biological diversity, biogeochemical functioning, diagenetic processes, tracers of environmental changes G.F. Camoina, and P. Gautretb a CEREGE, Europe de l'Arbois, B.P. 80 F-Aix-en Provence, France ISTO, UMR6113 Orléans, France b 1.
The following set of papers arose from a multidisciplinary international workshop entitled “Microbialites and microbial communities in sedimentary systems: biological diversity, biogeochemical functioning, diagenetic processes, tracers of environmental changes” that was held in Paris, France, in September 2004 (G. Camoin and P. Gautret, convenors).
Lithifying microbial mats in Lagoa Vermelha, Brazil: modern Precambrian relics?
Visscher and Y. van Lith) Vasconcelos et al. studied bacterial populations and microbially-mediated precipitation processes in microbial mats and the underlying sediment from the Lagoa Vermelha, Brazil, in order to define the boundary conditions responsible for the formation of high Mg-calcite and dolomite.
Calcimicrobial stromatolites at the Permian–Triassic boundary in a western Tethyan section, Bükk Mountains, Hungary (K. Hips and J. Haas)  Hips and Haas document the development of a stromatolite unit in an open marine environment during the Early Triassic (Gerennavár Formation; Bükk Mountains, Northern Hungary).
As has been fre- quently correctly pointed out, the characteristic feature of Latin Christianity was dififerent.
But when we turn to those peoples amongst whom the religious movement of the sixteenth century was interrupted or suppressed, and amongst whom the Latin form of Christianity prevails, we find that the situation is not exactly the same.
In the West India Islands the native population was worked in the CONCLUDING REMARKS mines and the plantations until it became in great part extinct, and the Spaniards began to introduce negroes from Africa.
Operations were conducted on so great a scale that in the 20 years before the opening of the eighteenth century 300,000 slaves were exported from Africa by the English, and in the 80 years which followed, over 600,000 slaves were landed in the Island of Jamaica alone.
The enormous wealth which Spain drew from her conquests and undertakings in tropical America was long a very powerful factor in the wars and politics of Europe : Holland, France, and England also enriched themselves both directly and indirectly.
In the Spanish, Dutch, and English settlements and plantations in the Eastern Hemisphere, and in those in the West Indies and South America, under Spanish, Dutch, French, and English rule, great enterprises in trade, agriculture, and mining were successfully undertaken.
Before the first quarter of the nineteenth century had passed away the Spanish territories of Central and South America — often still spoken of as if they were inhabited by Europeans, although in most of which, it must be remembered, the vast bulk of the population consists of native Indians, imported negroes, and mixed races — had, one after another, declared their independence of European rule.
Turning to the mainland of Central America and the vast territories embraced in tropical South America, once under the rule of the Spaniards and Portuguese, the spectacle is in some respects more noteworthy.
Since the period of their independence, im- mense sums have been borrowed by the republics of Central and South America, with the object of develop- ing their resources, and large amounts have also been invested by private persons in public enterprises under- taken by Europeans in these countries.
Suitablebasic equipment to carry out the foregoing laser machining operations ona small scale includes a General Scanning DE 2000 Galvo, a 286SXcomputer, a Trumpf TLF 750 CO₂ Laser, a Down collimator with lenses, abeam switch and a laser firing circuit.
No Feb. 20, 1951 D. W. EPSTEIN ET AL 2,542,493  ` HIGH-VOLTAGE SYSTEM Filed July 21, 1949 2 Sheets-Sheet 2 omfcr/ l S/G'NL @fn/mam DAV/D Ml 5557501/ HND FRfDm/K/-l /V/UULL Patented Feb. 20, 1951 HIGH-VOLTAGE SYSTEM David W. Epstein and Frederick H. N icoll, Princeton, N. J., assignors to Radio Corporation of America, a corporation of Delaware Application July 21, 1949, Serial N0. 105,924  23 Claims.
As in the previous embodiment, the turns ratio between the coil member Ec and the driving member 32o is relatively large so that a high amplitude pulse representing the flyback transient will appear at the anode 9&5 of the diode 94 for rectication and application as accelerating potential to the accelerating electrode of the cathode ray tube.
Modern PMUs, such as that on the Intel Itanium, contain hundreds ofcounters for indicating, for example, bus usage, cache memory misses,page faults, branch misses and other information, as well as complexlogic for determining which of the many pipelined instruction andpredicted branches actually cause counters to be increased.
Currently, the Intel Itanium-2 processor has more thanone hundred counters of forty-eight bit each.
Also, the input specifies the category of ancillary information that is received by a user while on hold; examples of categories of ancillary information include examples as e-mail, news, movie trailers, commercial ads, baseball scores, basketball scores, streamed multimedia files, and related forms of information.
Asanaspectoftheseresponsibilities,theWHOisresponsiblefor the International Classiﬁcation of Diseases and Related Health 5 Global Mental Health Program, Columbia University Medical Center, New York, NY, USA 6 Department of Psychiatry and Mental Health, Groote Schur Hospital, University of Cape Town, Observatory, South Africa 7
Geneva, Switzerland 7
Geneva, Switzerland 8 Global Health Justice Partnership, Yale Law School, New Haven, CT, USA 9 Institute for Sex Research and Forensic Psychiatry, University Medical Center Hamburg-Eppendorf, Hamburg, Germany 123 12 3 1530 Arch Sex Behav (2017)
While it was not possible to conduct such an assessment in all countries, participating countries were selected based onrepresentingdifferentglobalregions,languages,and legal traditions and include Brazil, Germany, India, Lebanon, Mex- ico, and South Africa.
The authors thank the other members of the WGSDSH, including Elham Atalla (Bahrain), Rosemary Coates (Aus- tralia), Susan D. Cochran (USA), Peggy T. Cohen-Kettenis (The Nether- lands), Jane C. Cottingham (Switzerland), Jack Drescher (USA), Sudha-
karKrishnamurti(India),ElisabethMeloniVieira(Brazil),andSamWin- ter (PR China), for their valuable comments during discussions of the issuessummarizedinthisarticle.
Psychiatric Clinics of North America, 37, 215–230. doi:10.1016/j.psc.2014.03.003.
Follow-up and implementation of the Vienna declaration andprogram ofaction.
Geneva,Switzerland:WorldHealthOrganiza- tion.Retrievedfromhttp://www2.ohchr.org/english/bodies/hrcouncil/ docs/19session/A.HRC.19.41_English.pdf.
Retrieved from http://apps.who.int/gb/bd/. documents.
Retrieved from http://apps.who.int/gb/bd/. Wismeijer,A.A.J.,&VanAssen,M.A.L.M.(2013).Psychologicalchar- acteristics of BDSM practitioners.
Once the controller is connected to themonitor station by way of an RS 232 connection, a modem, connection, aradio connection, an IR connection or other suitable connection using anappropriate protocol, the program is downloaded into the controller.
• Holdco is a Delaware limited liability company that indirectly owns Panhandle and Sunoco.
Although Panhandle’s natural gas transmission systems and storage operations are subject to the jurisdiction of FERC in accordance with the NGA and NGPA, it does not currently apply regulatory accounting policies in accounting for its operations.
These are very, very relevant at the moment for the South African government.
The region's important because South Africa is involved in a number of regional collaborative processes through the TFTA, sorry, the Tripod Free Trade Agreement.
And now there's talk about Africa-wide agreements on free trade.
And it requires a rethink in terms of policy terms of how to South Africa, which has been fairly insular, even in the democratic period, has been fairly isolated from the economic trade with its neighbors.
So with South African government really looking at these things in a lot more closer detail, it helps to have the research community supporting the need for policy change and policy direction and how to rethink.
And we at a point where going down this road the South African government is saying, let's learn from what's going on elsewhere.
This inference, which is also found repeated by Descartes and Wolff, has been rightly disposed of by Kant as a piece of school wit ; but his criticism shot beyond the mark and overlooked the deeper correct thought, which is concealed under the deceptive scholastic form of the ontological argu ment.
The philosophy of Hegel reacted against this exaggerated dualism, but it fell again, in its turn, into just as exaggerated a monism in simply identifying Thinking and Being.
Since Herder and Goethe, we have learned to see in Nature not a made work of Art but a living organism whose life is unfolded and formed from within, according to its own impulse and laws.
And was not, therefore, Aristotle right when he taught that the end is not only the last, but also the first, and the impelling power of the whole movement ?
CIRCUITRY IS PROVIDED FOR EFFECTING INITIAL FULL-SCALE ENERGIZATION AND DE-ENERGIZATION OF THE MECHANISM, CAUSING THE BISTABLE TO ASSUME   A KNOWN INITIAL STATE, FOR EXAMPLE, THE RESET STATE.
AMERICA MUST ELIMINATE ITS OWN FREEDOM GAPS Speaking in general terms, it could be said that the Governments of America and the inter-American system itself have always been ready to denounce the violations of liberty in Europe and Asia, to condemn the crimes against human rights in those continents, as much in the case of Nazi-fascist totalitarianism as in the communist, and statements have been issued and recriminatory and categorical attitudes assumed against those opprobrious regimes that suppress political freedom and kill, torture and fill the prisons with their adversaries.
When the communist tyranny smothered in blood Hungary's aspirations of liberty in a brutal and unmerciful Russian invasion, the whole world raised its voice in protest and the American governments did well in condemning that savage attack that will go into history as one of the black chapters of our era.
But right here in our America there have also been and still are governments whose outrages and violations against human nature and political freedom have concluded with the communist totalitarianism that choked Hungary.
This application claims priority to Indian patent application no. 5673/CHE/2015 filed on Oct. 21, 2015, the complete disclosure of which, in its entirely, is herein incorporated by reference.
Most known examples are MICROSOFT™ OFFICE™ and ADOBE™ ACROBAT™ applications.
The document file may e.g. be a PDF document or a Microsoft Office document.
2011/265/EU: Neuvoston päätös, annettu 16 päivänä syyskuuta 2010 , Euroopan unionin ja sen jäsenvaltioiden sekä Korean tasavallan välisen vapaakauppasopimuksen allekirjoittamisesta Euroopan unionin puolesta ja sen väliaikaisesta soveltamisesta#Komission lausumat#Euroopan unionin ja sen jäsenvaltioiden sekä Korean tasavallan välinen vapaakauppasopimus#Pöytäkirja käsitteen ’alkuperätuotteet’ määrittelystä ja hallinnollisen yhteistyön menetelmistä#Pöytäkirja keskinäisestä hallinnollisesta avunannosta tulliasioissa#Pöytäkirja kulttuuriyhteistyöstä
If Korea notifies the EU Party of an issue of trade that appears to arise from variations in the legislation of the Member States of the European Union that Korea considers not to be compatible with the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, the EU Party will make its best endeavours to address the issue in a timely manner.
The Parties shall recognise the concept of pest- or disease-free areas and areas of low pest or disease prevalence, in accordance with the SPS Agreement, OIE and IPPC standards, and shall establish an appropriate procedure for the recognition of such areas, taking into account any relevant international standard, guideline or recommendation.
The Parties shall establish close cooperation on the determination of pest- or disease-free areas and areas of low pest or disease prevalence with the objective of acquiring confidence in the procedures followed by each Party for the determination of such areas.
The exporting Party shall provide necessary evidence in order to objectively demonstrate to the importing Party that such areas are, and are likely to remain, pest- or disease-free areas and areas of low pest or disease prevalence, respectively.
or principal place of business in the territory to which the Treaty on European Union and the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union apply, or of Korea respectively.
Should the juridical person have only its registered office or central administration in the territory to which the Treaty on European Union and the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union apply or of Korea, it shall not be considered as a juridical person of the European Union or of Korea respectively, unless it engages in substantive business operationsIn line with its notification of the Treaty establishing the European Community to the WTO (WT/REG39/1), the EU Party understands the concept of effective and continuous link with the economy of a Member State of the European Union enshrined in Article 48 of the Treaty as equivalent to the concept of substantive business operations provided for in paragraph 6 of Article V of the GATS.
Accordingly, for a juridical person set up in accordance with the laws of Korea and having only its registered office or central administration in the territory of Korea, the EU Party shall only extend the benefits of this Agreement if that juridical person possesses an effective and continuous link with the economy of Korea.
in the territory to which the Treaty on European Union and the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union apply or of Korea respectively; or(ii)in the case of establishment in accordance with Article 7. 9(a), a juridical person owned or controlled by natural persons of the EU Party or of Korea respectively, or by a juridical person of the European Union or of Korea identified under subparagraph (i) respectively.
Elisa serves as an Associate Editor in the Medical Physics Journal, Ultrasonic Imaging and IEEE Transactions in Ultrasonics, Ferroelectrics and Frequency Control and is recipient of awards from the American Heart Association, the Acoustical Society of America, the American Institute of Ultrasound in Medicine, the Wallace H. Coulter foundation, the National Institutes of Health (NIH), the National Science Foundation (NSF), the Society of Photo-optical Instrumentation Engineers (SPIE) and the Radiological Society of North America (RSNA).
Distribution Titanostrombus galeatus occurs in several countries and regions along the coastal waters of the eastern Pacific Ocean, including the Gulf of California, Mexico, Pacific Panama, Nicaragua, Costa Rica, Ecuador, Galapagos Islands and Peru.
Of these, frequent movement of the fragments upon each 1 Bo^rnaud : Sar I'influence de qaelquea l^ions du syst^me nerveux sar la formation da cal, Thdse de Paris, 1878.
Certain provisions of our restated certificate of incorporation and restated by-laws, as well as the Delaware General Corporation Law, or the DGCL, reduce the power of stockholders generally, even those with a majority of the voting power, to remove incumbent directors and to fill vacancies on the Board of Directors without the support of the incumbent directors.
Engineering support, manufacturing and program management is available worldwide at Connection Systems’ locations in Asia, Europe and North America to support both new product introductions and full-scale volume production.
Teradyne has sales and service offices located throughout North America, Asia, and Europe, as Teradyne’s customers outside the United States are located primarily in these geographic areas.
No. 8,401,004, issued on Mar. 19, 2013), which claims priority on Korean Patent Application No. 10-2006-0022404, filed Mar. 9, 2006, and also claims the priority benefit of U.S. Provisional Application No. 60/692,665 filed on Jun. 21, 2005.
In one embodiment of the invention, the processor 1113 is amicroprocessor manufactured by Motorola, such as the 680X0 processor ora microprocessor manufactured by Intel, such as the 80X86, or Pentiumprocessor, or a SPARC microprocessor from Sun Microsystems, Inc.
References  1994 births Living people Uruguayan men's footballers Uruguayan expatriate men's footballers Uruguay men's youth international footballers Men's association football midfielders Standard Liège players Sint-Truidense V.V. players AD Alcorcón footballers C.A. Bella Vista players Unión de Santa Fe footballers Challenger Pro League players Segunda División players Argentine Primera División players Expatriate men's footballers in Argentina Expatriate men's footballers in Belgium Expatriate men's footballers in Spain Uruguayan expatriate sportspeople in Argentina Uruguayan expatriate sportspeople in Belgium Uruguayan expatriate sportspeople in Spain Footballers from Paysandú
Repetitive UCOs led to development of a marked acidosis (pH 7.36±0.03 to6.91±0.12, P<0.001; base deficit (BD) −3.7±1.7 to 16.4±2.5 mmol/l,P<0.001).
In any case, during a training session characters from character matcher 18 are routed through a physical or logical switch 22 to a prototype processor 24, which for example may be an Intel '386 processor.
I have made many experiments ir reference to the so-called pressure m the air of sewers.
If we take a gas, say oxygen or hydrogen, and enclose it in a vessel of metal, glass, or glazed porcelain, it will remain thei-e for an indefinite period : but if the vessel is composed of unglazed porcelain or plaster of Paris, the gas will rapidly pass out of it.
(a) By Dr. MENDES DE LEON, of Amsterdam.
Mrs. De H., from Medan, was sent to me with sym- ptoms of chronic endometritis, and subinvolutio uteri, post abortum ; added to these, the symptoms of morbus Basedowii were beginning to make their appearance, so that her return to Europe could be no longer delayed.
Bei magenleidende Frauen soUte man f iiglich wegen der imge- meinen Haufigkeit in welcher Magenleiden folgen von Erkrankungen des Uterus sind, niemals eine Untersuchung der Genitalien unterlassen, auch wenn sonst keine symptome auf eine Erkrankung der Geschlechtsorgane hinweisen."
In the selection of my subject I have been chiefly actuated by the desire to make use of this opportunity to speak to you of my views on a matter I have always had very much at heart, and to express my entire con- cordance of opinion with Dr. Macnaughton-Jones, by whom you have been addressed in a far abler manner, and others, who think with me, that all the varied forms of misery, liable to be brought about under the influence of a pathological condition of the sexual organs, on the whole constitution of a woman, cannot be overrated; or, to quote once more Br.
We are a Delaware corporation.
Our Nichols Institute was the first clinical laboratory in North America to achieve ISO-9001 certification.
In 1998, Nichols Institute, located in San Juan Capistrano, California, became the first clinical laboratory in North America to achieve ISO-9001 certification.
We also provide clinical trials testing in Australia and South Africa through arrangements with third parties.
Lack of air defense missiles put Ukraine in difficult situation, Russia is going astray.
Russian forces are exploiting Ukraine's air defense shortages to launch a renewed assault that aims to destroy the country's energy grid.
The Russian military targeted over 130 energy infrastructure facilities across Ukraine overnight on March 21st to 22nd in a massive drone and missile attack.
The attack struck Ukraine's hydroelectric station, the NEPRO hydroelectric power plant and dozens of other facilities.
The attacks represented the largest series of combined drone and missile strikes targeting Ukrainian energy infrastructure since the start of the full-scale invasion.
The ISW said Russian attacks against Ukraine's power grid in the winter of 2022 destroyed half the country's energy infrastructure.
Ukraine braced itself for another winter of Russian assaults on the grid, but Prime Minister Denis Shmihal said at the end of January 2024 that Ukraine's energy sector was stable.
The massive aerial attack on March 22nd indicates that Russia may not have given up on the goal of disrupting Ukraine's power grid.
Russian strikes on energy infrastructure in early spring 2024 likely aim to collapse the energy grid in part to stall Ukrainian efforts to rapidly expand its defense industrial base.
The ISW said critical shortages in Kyiv's air defense missile systems also offer the Russian military another chance to disrupt the grid.
The Washington Post reported on March 15th that the shortage may soon force Ukraine to adjust its strategy regarding Russian attacks, shooting down only one out of every five missiles.
The ISW said Russian forces will likely exploit this window of opportunity as long as the shortage lasts.
Russian forces failed to collapse the Ukrainian energy grid on March 22nd, but may aim to continue intensified strikes on energy infrastructure in subsequent strike series, especially to capitalize on continued delays in Western security assistance that are reportedly expected to significantly constrain Ukraine's air defense umbrella, analysts said.
Ukraine's ability to replenish its missile stocks relies on the continued flow of USAID, which has been stalled in a congressional deadlock for six months.
Russia launched another large-scale attack against Ukrainian cities overnight on March 22nd, targeting Kharkiv, Zaporizhia, Kribyrih, Denebro, and Kropov-Nitsky.
Thisavoids the consignor at step 360 having to communicate with the CSS atpath 370 to request a DAF with an associate serial number.
Thus, if forsome reason the consignor's system was unable to communicate with thecarrier's system at paths 370 and 372, the consignor could still providea serial number-associated DAF to the consignee upon the consignee sorequesting at step 360.
Possibility 3: Carrier Assigns Individual Serial Numbers to Each DAFRequested by the Consignor  A third possibility would allow the consignor and carrier systems to bein communication (such as via the API of each system or the webinterface of each system), such that every time a consignee requests aDAF from the consignor at step 360, the consignor would communicate withthe carrier via path 370 and the carrier would generate a serial numberat step 304.
Also at TRIUMF, Vancouver, BC, Canada e Also at Department of Physics and Astronomy, University of Louisville, Louisville, KY, USA f Also at Physics Department, An-Najah National University, Nablus, Palestine g Also at Department of Physics, California State University, Fresno, CA, USA h Also at Department of Physics, University of Fribourg, Fribourg, Switzerland
Also at Department of Physics, The University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI, USA r Also at Centre for High Performance Computing, CSIR Campus, Rosebank, Cape Town, South Africa s Also at Louisiana Tech University, Ruston, LA, USA t Also at Institucio Catalana de Recerca i Estudis Avancats, ICREA, Barcelona, Spain u Also at Graduate School of Science, Osaka University, Osaka, Japan v Also at Fakultät für Mathematik und Physik, Albert-Ludwigs-Universität, Freiburg, Germany w Also at Institute for Mathematics, Astrophysics and Particle Physics, Radboud University Nijmegen/Nikhef, Nijmegen, The Netherlands x
Also at Department of Physics, The University of Texas at Austin, Austin, TX, USA y Also at Institute of Theoretical Physics, Ilia State University, Tbilisi, Georgia z Also at CERN, Geneva, Switzerland aa
Also at Georgian Technical University (GTU), Tbilisi, Georgia ab Also at Ochadai Academic Production, Ochanomizu University, Tokyo, Japan ac Also at Manhattan College, New York, NY, USA ad Also at Academia Sinica Grid Computing, Institute of Physics, Academia Sinica, Taipei, Taiwan ae Also at School of Physics, Shandong University, Shandong, China af Also at Departamento de Fisica Teorica y del Cosmos and CAFPE, Universidad de Granada, Granada, Spain ag Also at Department of Physics, California State University, Sacramento CA, United States of America ah Also at Moscow Institute of Physics and Technology, State University, Dolgoprudny, Russia ai Also at Also at Departement de Physique Nucleaire et Corpusculaire, Université de Genève, Geneva, Switzerland aj Also at Eotvos Lorand University, Budapest, Hungary ak
German patent document DE-OS 41 30 370 A1 describes a single-stagewheel-speed calibration procedure of the generic type which detectscornering by checking whether the left/right speed deviation remainsbelow a specified limiting value; or, as an alternative, corneringsensors are used.
The Company’s educational travel programs feature visits to such countries as Australia, China, France, Germany, Great Britain, Italy and New Zealand.
These programs have included travel to Spain, Switzerland, Austria, and Italy for athletes to play basketball games against the host country’s national teams.
In the past, gross receipts from programs to Europe, the South Pacific (Australia and New Zealand) and China have accounted for a majority of the Company’s gross receipts.
Pádraig Murphy - Germany's Role in EU Foreign Policy and the Challenge of Ukraine - 20 May 2014
And recall that the positioning of Germany in Europe has historically been very difficult.
This was the SS-20 controversy and subsequently there was this pipeline controversy which set Germany against Reagan.
It has not been without controversy anybody who is following the events of the last 20 years will have seen that precisely this decision to extend NATO membership right up to the Russian borders is one of the main Russian points of grievance with what has happened in Europe since the collapse of the Soviet Union.
The first is German gratitude for the Russian role in German reunification.
There is Gerhard Schroeder who is also a former SPD Chancellor who of course is very much part of the Russian gas trade with Western Europe.
Apart from all this German public opinion is massively in favour of a diplomatic resolution of the Ukraine crisis and very much against a military resolution of the crisis.
In case anybody had any doubt, the leading candidate of the CSU, that's the Bavarian Party for the European elections last week, came out with some disobliging remarks about Frank Falter Steinmeier's attitude to the Ukrainian question.
He was very quickly slapped down by his leader Sehofer and indeed Angela Merkel has left no doubt whatsoever that there is no daylight between her position and that of Frank Falter Steinmeier on the question of the Ukraine.
So in some the position in Germany with which I personally would agree is that there can be no resolution of the crisis in the Ukraine without Russia.
2, the virtual remote control apparatus 300 includes acommunication unit 310, a photographed information collection unit 320,a user detection unit 330, a hand motion recognition unit 340, a devicemanagement unit 350, and a control unit 360.
The photographed information collection unit 320 receives thephotographed information from the photography device 100 through thecommunication unit 310, and transmits the received information to theuser detection unit 330 and the hand motion recognition unit 340according to the control of the control unit 360.
In addition, the user detection unit 330 transmits the created sensinginformation to the control unit 360.
The device management unit 350 performs state management for a pluralityof the electronic devices 200, transmits the control command transmittedfrom the control unit 360 to the electronic devices 200, and thentransmits a response to the control command to the control unit 360.
In this case, the voice outputmeans (not shown) may include a speaker or the like, which can outputpreviously stored voices according to the control of the control unit360, and the display means (not shown) may include an LED (lightemitting diode), an LCD (liquid crystal display) or the like, which candisplay particular information according to the control of the controlunit 360.
The control unit 360 informs the user of the control informationtransmitted from the hand motion recognition unit 340 by using the voiceoutput means (not shown) or the display means (not shown), changes thecontrol information to the control command when the control informationis approved by the user, and then transmits the control command to thedevice management unit 350.
If the calculated image variation value exceeds the predeterminedthreshold value as a result of determination in the step S302, the userdetection unit 330 creates the sensing information informing that theuser has been recognized, and transmits the created sensing informationto the control unit 360.
Then, when receiving the sensing information from the user detectionunit 330, the control unit 360 releases the power-saving mode at step306, and starts an operation of the common mode.
Simultaneously, thecontrol unit 360 operates the hand motion recognition unit 340.
Then, at step S308, the control unit 360 informs the user that thecontrol for the electronic devices 299 gets ready by using the voiceoutput means (not shown) and the display means (not shown) included inthe virtual remote control apparatus 300.
4, the hand motion recognition unit 340 according tothe present invention has the predetermined values for the left hand,creates the control information for the predetermined values of the lefthand according to the motions of the right hand, and transmits thecontrol information to the control unit 360.
The control unit 360 receives the control information from the handmotion recognition unit 340, and informs the user of the recognized handmotion according to the received control information at step S314.
A two-hour ultimatum has been sent to the Rumanian military authorities by the revolutionary committee of the 9th Russian army demanding free passage of Russian troops through Russia, the temporary capital of Rumania.
