The people of this city are urged to avail themselves of the opportunity of hearing such talented and widely known artists.
Air tires serve not only to make motoring luxuriously comfortable, but to protect the ear itself.
The tendon of the tensor tympani may be the locality in which the fibrous changes first manifest themselves ; but, before this condition is recognized, a diffuse hypertrophic process has involved a large portion of the membrane lining * Monatsschr.
If in any given case it seems advisable to inject fluid into the mid- dle ear, care must be taken that the instruments employed in the operation, as well as the fluid itself, have been thoroughly sterilized by heat.
For this reason many become averse to performing their social duties and isolate themselves as completely as possible.
In this way the patient is able to protect himself sufficiently against undue exposure, and by following this plan no un- toward symptoms have resulted.
In one, the analyte being measuredis itself capable of interacting with an analyte-specific reagent togenerate an electrochemical species, i.e., a species capable of functionas an electron donor or acceptor when in contact with an electrode.
In such case she should be carried there as quickly as possible, placed upon the floor, and immediately left quite alone, the door being shut, and no one being sufl!ered to open it on any pretext whatever until the patient does so herself.
until the next morning, she will present herself as usual, and will perhaps offer some apology or express some regret for her illness.
So long as the patient can shake herself free from her attendants, so long is the struggle likely to be maintained, but when once she feels that she is thoroughly restrained, and that her efforts do not find outward expression, she generally ceases to struggle.
The safety system wiring was first conceived of as a method forpermitting the location of airbag crash sensors at locations where theycan most effectively sense a vehicle crash and yet permit thatinformation to be transmitted to the airbag control circuitry which maybe located in a protected portion of the interior of the vehicle or mayeven be located on the airbag module itself.
Once the integrity of thedata bus is assured, such that it will not be destroyed during the crashitself, then the proper place for the airbag intelligence can be in, oradjacent to, the airbag module itself.
The placement of the main electronics within each module follows thedevelopment path that computers themselves have followed from a largecentralized mainframe base to a network of microcomputers.
This altruistic instinct may, in fact, according to Mr. Spencer, " be expected to attain a level at which it will be like parental altruism in spontaneity," and so lead the individual to obtain the highest of all satisfactions in volun- tarily sacrificing himself in the interests of the social organism.^
We have seen, in the previous chapters, that the pro- cess of evolution unfolding itself in our civilisation has consisted essentially in the slow disintegration of that military type of society which attained its highest development in a social stage in which the greater part of the people were excluded from participating in the rivalry of existence on terms of equality, and in which their lives were continuously exploited for the exclusive benefit of a comparatively small privileged and power- holding class.
This form has always tended, as it still tends, to treat as of the first importance, not the resulting change in character in the individual, but rather his belief in the authority of the Church and of an order of men, and in the supreme efficacy of sacramental ordinances which the Church has decreed itself alone competent to dispense.
In England, where the religious movement of the six- teenth century proceeded with little interruption, it has been noticed that the most significant feature of the pro- cess of social development in which the power-holding classes are in full conscious retreat before the incoming people is, that these classes are themselves deeply afi'ected by the softening influences of the time.
For, as has been recently pointed out with truth and insight, " few greater calamities can befall a nation than to cut herself off, as France (in these circumstances) has done in her great revolution, from all vital connection with her own past."
The enormous wealth which Spain drew from her conquests and undertakings in tropical America was long a very powerful factor in the wars and politics of Europe : Holland, France, and England also enriched themselves both directly and indirectly.
This first period was one of feverish activity, and of universal desire on the part of the invaders to quickly enrich themselves.
To keep in subjection, therefore, by purely military force a people of even greatly lower develop- ment must, it was felt, become correspondingly difficult ; and this, not so much because of the fear of effective resistance in a military sense, but because of the lack of moral force on the part of the stronger peoples to initiate an effort involving a principle antagonistic to the spirit governing the development which these peoples were themselves undergoing.
Where left to themselves under British rule, whether with or with- out the political institutions of the advanced European peoples, they have not developed the natural resources of the rich and fertile lands they have inherited.
The pure -white population appears to be unable to maintain itself for more than a limited number of generations without recruiting itself from the outside.
It is a gradually diminishing element, tending to ally itself to an increasing degree with " colour. "
Both for climatic reasons, and in obedience to the general law of population already noticed, by which the upper strata of society (to which the white population for the most part X CONCLUDING REMARKS 31S belongs) are unable to maintain themselves apart for any considerable period, we must, apparently, look forward to the time when these territories will be almost exclusively peopled by the Black and Indian races.
The film viewer of claim 25 whereinsaid base includes first and second upstanding side walls, each of saidside walls having first and second elongated slots therein to define atongue section therebetween; each of said tongue sections terminating inan inturned flange portion; said support member removably secured atopposite ends thereof to said inturned flange portions; wherein saidframe member has a pair of strengthening ribs located on the interiorsurface thereof which are received by said slots in said side walls whensaid frame member is removably secured to said base; and said frontcover section includes a seating flange which seats on one of saidstrengthening ribs when said front cover section is removably secured tosaid frame member.
Instead of embossing the holographic image or diffraction grating into ametal-backed plastic carrier, the plastic carrier itself can be embossedand the metal coating can be deposited on the embossed surfaceafterwards.
After picking the cut and sealedholographic material off the flatbed and weeding (i.e., removing thewaste material), the products are ready for attachment to substratessuch as T-shirts as described in my copending application Ser. No.883,285 or even more simply by do-it-yourselfers with a household iron.
The process itself can cut andseal economically, accurately, efficiently and rapidly.
As discussed below, this quickaction to prevent sudden loss of the arc can include adjustingelectrical parameters of the arc, gas flows to the torch, or motion ofthe torch itself.
In a third aspect, the precise electrical and gas delivery systemsdescribed herein can be used to predict (e.g., using the power supplyitself) when a workpiece piercing sequence has completed so that thetorch can be moved and a material processing operation can begin.
As described herein, reducedgas volumes in the torch and gas valves that deliver shield and/orplasma gas to a torch can be located closer to the torch itself ratherthan at position far away (e.g., at the opposite end of a plasma leadline), as with some conventional systems.
This initial personalization mayinclude both direct physical alterations to the instrument, such as whencards are embossed with card numbers, and may additionally includewriting data to storage maintained on the instrument itself.
In still more particularity, the present invention concerns itself with improvements in high voltage generating apparatus for use in connection with cathode ray tubes requiring beam accelerating potentials of a magnitude promoting undesirable losses in the form of corona discharge especially under low atmospheric pressure conditions.
The anode I9 is then grounded through the conductive coatn ing 69 inside the tube, the coating itself being grounded through the seal at S5.
Other applications, such as in electron amplifying tubes and other special purpose discharge tubes requiring high voltagepotentals, also lend themselves to the practice of the present invention.
An interactive input system according to claim 33 wherein each imaging device is angled such that the optical axis thereof forms about a ten degree angle with respect to a line normal to said horizontal peripheral edge.
An interactive input system according to claim 36 wherein each imaging device is angled such that the optical axis thereof forms about a ten degree angle with respect to a line normal to said horizontal peripheral edge.
An interactive input system according to claim 43 wherein each imaging device is angled such that the optical axis thereof forms about a ten degree angle with respect to a line normal to said peripheral edge.
Core/cs 411 may also perform the compressivesampling function for itself.
Alternatively, the telecommunications device, itself, may determine that a user is on hold by sampling the audio signal (of the voice conference) and determining that an audio signal with a low amplitude for volume (below a predetermined threshold) for a preset period time represents that at user is on hold.
’’The ICD-10 described the use of these cat- egories as appropriate‘‘when a personwho mayor maynotbe sick encounters the health services for some speciﬁc purpose, suchastoreceivelimitedcare…ortodiscussaproblemwhich isinitself not a disease orinjury’’(World HealthOrganization, 1992b, p. 1125).
An isolated incident, especially if the perpetrator is himself an adolescent, does not establish the presence of the persistent or predominant tendency required for the diagnosis.
Sadomasochism F65.5 Sadomasochism Review of Literature An isolated incident, especially if the perpetrator is himself an adolescent, does not establish t presence of the persistent or predominant tendency required for the diagnosis.
The occurrence or a history of behaviours involving exposing oneself to non-consenting individuals is insufﬁcient to establish a diagnosis of Exhibitionistic disorder.
Many sexual crimes involving exposing oneself in public may simply reﬂect actions or behaviours that are not associated with a sustained paraphilic underlying arousal pattern.
In this regard, the proposals for ICD-11 go fur- ther than the changes made in DSM-5, for example in the removal of disorders diagnosed based on consenting behav- iorsthat are notinand of themselvesassociatedwith distress or functional impairment.
3. Use of Orthosis  To reduce the chance of the patient injuring themselves using theorthoses described herein, the patient preferably is examined by atrained health care professional prior to using the orthosis.
With reference to FIGS. 19 to 23 a third embodiment is described which stems from the realization that reducing the distortions in one or more of the raw signals arriving at a receiver used to provide a decision statistic leads to an overall improvement in the decision statistic itself.
Power Averaging Mask for FFT Window Synchronisation  Synchronisation of packets transmitted, especially over wireless media, is ordinarily achieved by employing a preamble comprised of several repetitions of the same signal and correlating the received signal with a delayed version of itself.
The conventional time synchronisation technique correlates the received signal with a delayed version of itself.
Therefore, although some of the individual assets may be replaced, the pipelines and the natural gas gathering and processing systems themselves will remain intact indefinitely.
In many cases the users or consumers of the service or commodity do not form a practicable constituency, apart from that of themselves as citizens, which could control the administration.
Thus the Co-operative Wholesale Societies of half a dozen European countries, besides themselves obtain- ing directly from abroad an increasing part of the supplies that they severally require, have begun to exchange with each other their surplus products or those for which they possess exceptional advantages.
And during the Great War nearly all the governments themselves acted as collectivist importérs'on a gigantic scale, purchasing abroad—often directly from other governments—not only every kind of munitions, but also enormous quantities of metals, wool, cotton, wheat, meat and other requirements of their own people.
It must, however, be contemplated that the export trade to nations not themselves adopting Socialism or Co-operation and unprovided with governments with which other governments can deal in a corporate -capacity—and with it, possibly the bulk of the shipping and banking, and perhaps of the manufacture, that this export trade necessitates—will remain longest within the sphere of the private capitalist, subject to whatever conditions of control and taxation the com- munity may find it expedient to impose.!
It will not be gainsaid that the British Co-operative Movement has shown itself at once more conspicuously democratic and also more completely satisfactory in the constitution of the autonomous “ store ”’ or local Co-operative Society’ than in those of the federal institutions of the Movement, the Co-operative Union 1
The fact that the constituency is localised and easily accessible, and one of neighbours, themselves actually consuming the commodities which are provided, gives the Co-operative Society, so far as the supply of household requisites is concerned, no small advantage over the Town Council.
The very names of the governors and directors of these great institutions are unknown to the members ; and as they are practically never displaced once they have found seats on the Board, control of policy and administration by the four million co-operators them- selves must be regarded as being at a minimum.
All this is the more dangerous in that the whole administration is wrapped in obscurity, without the publication of salary lists, details of costing, or anything beyond a bare minimum of comparative statistics enabling the members to watch for themselves THE WHOLESALE BOARD 250 the relative expense or efficiency of the various depart- ments.
The directors of the English Co-operative Wholesale Society (and the same is true in a slightly less degree of the Scottish Co-operative Wholesale Society) habitually regard themselves as personally directing the administration as well as deciding the. policy ; and though they cannot quite ignore any definite decision of the delegate meetings to which they present their reports, they claim that the right to decide executive issues, even in matters of policy, is, and must besvested in themselves, to the exclusion of the members of the affiliated local societies, who are collectively the owners of the concern.
It is, how- ever, essential in the Co-operative as in the Municipal world, that any such federal departments for com- parative statistics, for audit, for costing or for research and experiment should be wholly unconnected with and entirely independent of the organisations, whether local or themselves federal, upon the efficiency of which the proposed department is called upon to report.
In the matter of adult education, which will certainly occupy much of the attention of the Standing Com- mittee on Education of the Social Parliament, it may be expected that a large and ever-increasing part of the organisation will be left to voluntary associa- tions of the scholars themselves, who are in this case the consumers, on the lines successfully laid down by the Workers’ Educational Association and the various Labour Colleges.
be on the footing of the existing social clubs on a basis of mutuality ; their members may accumulate their own joint capital, jointly engage their own freely serving staffs, and supply themselves, within the wide liberties allowed by the criminal law, with whatever they desire.
‘The greatest newspaper enter- prises could be converted into consumers’ Co-operative Societies, in which every purchaser, or at any rate every continuous subscriber, thereby automatically became a member, casting one vote only, periodically electing a managing committee by ballot taken through the newspaper itself; and the managing committee exercising (with due participation in the management of the vocations concerned) entire control over the enterprise, but being required to devote any surplus of receipts over expenditure to the improvement of the newspaper itself, and being forbidden to distribute any part of it, either in dividends or in excessive salaries, or to individuals at all, otherwise than by way of reduction of the price for the future.
considered as a whole—as a world by itself, with its own laws of life, its own scope for the enlargement of human personality, and its own sphere for the development of faculty and satisfaction of desire.
On the other hand is the “ class-conscious proletariat ” of those who have to depend for their livelihood on wages and small salaries, amounting in the aggregate to less than one- half of the national product, who are now increasingly enrolling themselves in the Trade Union Movement as the organ of revolt against the existing order of society.
For the purpose of a successful struggle against capitalist dictatorship in the workshop, in the public press, in electoral organisation, in Parliament and in the Cabinet itself, it naturally seems of vital importance to generate, among the manual workers and the allied brain workers, the most extended and intense class consciousness.
Moreover, they: feel themselves to be, .as a corporate entity, peculiarly fitted to.
We believe the claim against us is contentious because of the ambiguity of the arrangements and we are vigorously defending ourselves against the claim.
We believe the claim against us is without merit and intend to vigorously defend ourselves against the claim and will seek an expeditious dismissal of the claim.
Hence, in itself, a multipolar regime can be both the best and the worst of all regimes.
Thinking and Being are indeed different, yet are con stituted for each other by the conformity of the laws on both sides, and that in this agreement — or pre-estab lished harmony, according to Leibnitz — of the two sides, the unity of the ordering principle, i.e. of the effec tuating Thinking or the Omnipotent Eeason of God, reveals itself.
If, therefore, the mystery of transeunt causality is solved by this, that we refer it to the immanent causality within an organic whole, we come to see in the regulated reciprocity of the individual forces, or in "Nature," the manifestation of a single primary force or " Omnipotence " which unfolds itself in an infinite multiplicity of mutually related effects.
It cannot be given to us from without, for what we immediately perceive are only changing phenomena ; if we see in them effects, of forces, this is already an interpretation which we derive from the analogy of the effects produced by ourselves.
It is now clear that by it the earlier form of the Teleological Argument has become untenable ; for if the living beings have become such as we know them of themselves through natural causes, the question as to an external author through whom they have been made has begun to give way.
May it not, then, be rightly said, that all life is determined by ends which, although unconscious to the individual being itself, yet as impulse and instinct predetermine from the begin ning the direction and the course of the development of its life?
— if it had not been the purposive thought of the creative reason of God, which realised itself in the teleological process of the movement of all life in the terrestrial sphere of the world, and indeed in every other sphere as well ?
little as biological science can be prevented from searching into the causal conditions and connections of the terrestrial development of life in detail, just as little are we hindered, on the other hand, from seeing in the whole of this causal mechanism the means by which the timeless universal consciousness of the in finite Spirit reproduces itself in that advancing move ment in time in which the terrestrial life becomes conscious.
Yet I think that the hypothesis which has just been presented has the advantage that it admits the right which is claimed for the ideal side of the order of nature, the facts of our consciousness ; whereas in the materialistic hypotheses, which see in nature merely the causal mechanism of forces, or matter without spirit and end, the fact of the knowing spirit itself always remains an uncomprehended and incomprehensible riddle.
For the impression of the beautiful which nature makes upon the human mind is quite independent of the intellectual knowledge which re lates to causal connection ; and it presses itself upon the learned investigator of nature, who perhaps denies all Teleology in principle and all that is Ideal in nature, with the same necessity as on the simple sense of the uneducated man who has never formed any thoughts regarding the grounds of the origin of phenomena, and yet involuntarily feels and admires their sub limity and beauty.
It does not itself create its material, but finds it presented and given to it.
It relates itself passively to the impressions of things, and is therefore depen dent on a presented world.
wilier, and it directs itself to objects in which it finds the material and means of its activity, and at the same time a restraint of that activity, or a re sistance which it has to overcome.
As there cannot lie less in the cause than in the effect, nor less in the whole than in the part, the infinite principle of the world, which produces the human spirit along with all else and embraces them in itself, cannot possess the spiritual energy of life in less measure, but rather in a much more perfect degree, than man.
But what gives the self-conscious spirit of man its peculiar prerogative above the sub-human life is not the side of finiteness which it has in common with the latter, but that self-activity of the Ego, which distinguishes itself as the permanent and governing unity, from the manifold and changing contents of consciousness, and which even thereby raises itself above dependence on the matter presented to it, and lowers it to the position of a means serving its free self.
The usual opinion that self-consciousness is only the distinguishing of the Ego from the non-Ego is not correct ; rather is the self-consciousness primarily and essentially a distinguishing of itself from itself— that is to say, of the abiding and combining unity of the self from the plurality and mutability of its contents.
So also the will is not primarily a desire that is directed to external things ; but it is self-determination — i.e., determination of the manifold divided expressions of life, by the unity of the thinking which posits ends to itself.
ness and will in the case of man presuppose a given material, and therefore the fact on the one hand of their being conditioned by another, or of passivity and fin- iteness; but it is not less certain on the other hand that just that which distinguishes the human spirit from the sub-human life — namely, its self-conscious ness and its self-determination — does not consist essen tially of passivity, but of the spontaneity of the Ego as existing by itself, which in the changing of its ele ments asserts itself as the persistent and governing unity of that which is manifold and changeable.
This free self-activity which unfolds its inner unity into a multiplicity of living forms and states, in the act of distinguishing itself, abides with itself, and makes itself actually into that which it is in itself potenti ally : this is the spiritual being of man by which he rises over all merely finite and conditioned existence, and has a certain, although still weak, participation in that infiniteness and unconditionedness which is orig inal and perfect only in God.
Without accepting this view it would be difficult to escape from the pantheistic opinion, that the unity of God resolves itself into the coexist ence of phenomena in space and their succession in time, so that we can no longer find in Him what we sought in Him — namely, the connecting and ruling power of the world-order.
If there is " a resting pole in the flight of phenomena " not merely in our repre sentations but in truth, in being itself, we shall have to seek it in the living spirit of God, who asserts Himself as the independent and permanent Lord of the changing phenomena — as " King of the ^Eons " — by this, that He distinguishes in His thinking, His eternal inner essence from His changeable working in the world.
Yet according to what has been previ ously adduced, what corresponds best to the need which our thinking has to recognise in the principle of the world the sufficient ground of the order of the world, is the category of the thinking spirit which knows and determines itself; and accordingly we are entitled to hold the view that it is this very category which is most fitted for the designation of the divine essence, and which comes nearest the truth.
But what cer tainly follows from the unrepresentableness of the in finite Spirit is the warning that we are not to attempt to make an image to ourselves of the inner life of God, according to human analogy.
It is, in fact, true that we are able to know God only so far as He has revealed Himself to us through His working in the whole order of the world, and still continually so reveals Himself.
That beyond this side which is turned to us, this being of God for us, there lies beyond another inner side in the being of God for Himself, is a posi tion which has been established to us as true by all that has been said above.
But to try to know anything more closely concerning the What and How of this being of God for Himself, to embrace it in conceptions, to picture it in images, — this we ought never to presume to do.
While her theologians accentuated in the strictest way the timeless unchangeableness of God, they yet repre sented His omnipotence as revealing itself now in the order of the world, and again without and con trary to it as miracle - working arbitrariness.
indeed true that our moral consciousness develops itself only in reciprocity with society, that it receives its definite contents, its knowledge of what is to be re garded as right or wrong, in detail, primarily from the moral practices and tenets of society.
And par ticularly inexplicable would be the fact of experience that the judgment of conscience puts itself not seldom in direct opposition to the practice and tenets of society ; that for the sake of the higher ideal right, it denies and combats the right that exists, as we see in THE MORAL AND RELIGIOUS ORDER.
Nay more, how can it be unconditionally obligatory even for the freedom of the subject himself who has made it ?
In truth the matter stands, after all, quite otherwise : we find the moral law as a norm which is in nowise produced by our freedom, but which is rather presupposed by it, and is super-ordinated to it ; and to this norm we feel ourselves bound — we owe obedience to it whether we will or not.
An authority demanding obedience like this, to which each individ ual as well as others knows himself bound to subordi nate himself, cannot possibly spring out of the freedom of the individual person, just as little as it can out of the compulsion of society which could only produce a compulsive " must " but not the moral obligation of the conscience.
As the laws of our thinking, which are originally inherent in our theoreti cal mind, can only exert and develop themselves on the THE MORAL AND RELIGIOUS ORDER.
175 material of knowledge that is presented by the world, and thus rise to our consciousness, so is it also with the norm of our moral judgments of value, which is originally inherent in our practical reason ; it develops itself and comes into our consciousness only in reciprocal intercourse with society.
But as the inner moral capacity then develops and strengthens itself under the education of the external authority, the matured personality comes to such independence in its moral judgment that it begins to test even the social authorities and observances founded thereon as to how far they correspond to the absolute authority, or to what is rational and good in itself.
Only in so far as the right that exists in society stands in harmony with the idea of right that presses itself internally upon such an individual does he recognise that right as an unconditionally binding authority — a distinct proof of the fact that this recognition has its proper basis, 176 PHILOSOPHY OF RELIGION.
not in external facts, not in the brutal violence of the power that gives itself out for right, but in the idea of right that unconditionally binds the conscience, of which idea all positive right is always only an imperfect and perfectible expression.
AMERICA MUST ELIMINATE ITS OWN FREEDOM GAPS Speaking in general terms, it could be said that the Governments of America and the inter-American system itself have always been ready to denounce the violations of liberty in Europe and Asia, to condemn the crimes against human rights in those continents, as much in the case of Nazi-fascist totalitarianism as in the communist, and statements have been issued and recriminatory and categorical attitudes assumed against those opprobrious regimes that suppress political freedom and kill, torture and fill the prisons with their adversaries.
The virtual model itself may have to undergo testing and verification before it is handed over for early software development.
The invention itself, however, both as to its construction and its method of operation, together with additional objects and advantages thereof, will be best understood from the following description of specific embodiments when read in connection with the accompanying drawings.
In addition to the mentioned definitions for the font information the parsing step also determines the textual content itself from the document file, which textual content carries the information to be delivered in the text.
The reference data values may be, or be defined by, at least one of the following: font information specification for the font information in question, definition embedded within the font information itself, the document defining the font context.
The external font file 203 is typically loaded in a situation when the document file itself does not comprise font information.
In yet another variation, one or more of the arm members themselves may be formed of multiple links or segments which increase the flexibility of the device.
Moreover, the length of the arm members may be varied to extend about the periphery of the valve annulus partially or entirely around the periphery to overlap upon themselves.
A method for supplying cell phone services (via a Radio Access Network) where in the services are hosted virtually in the cloud (rather than in the radio device itself).
Lastly, CSP platforms may support the dynamic nature of the NFV environment itself and adapt as VNFs are updated, upgraded and replaced, as deployment technologies change, and as standards evolve.
It doesn't do anything by itself.
Burrowing behavior, in which an individual sinks itself entirely or partially into the substrate, is frequent among strombid gastropods.
primary infection and against later infection from the wound itself by assuring the early escape of the exudates of the latter.
The plan commends itself by its simplicity and cleanliness, for the powder can be perfectly ster- ilized by fire, and I have thought it might also be useful in delayed compound and even simple fractures, the powder being poured in among the granulations or introduced through a hypodermic needle mixed with water.
With respect to model comparison, conventional modeling techniques typically do not include formal operators for a business to compare itself, its model of operation (business model), or its configuration to other businesses, other models of operation, or other business configurations.
A more detailed description of the capability and may explain relationships and properties of this capability as well as the capability itself.
The foregoing and other objects, features, and advantages of the presentinvention, as well as the invention itself, will be more fullyunderstood from the following description of various embodiments, whenread together with the accompanying drawings.
It is, however, just under these circumstances that the well-trained gynaecologist who has mastered the principles underlying surgical technique will be able to utilize this knowledge while adapting himself to his surroundings.
Boiling water will give him sterile instruments, ligatures, and dressings, — though there are other and better ways of obtaining these, — and it will be possible for him to regulate his surroundings with a fair degree of satisfaction to himself.
Where possible, the surgeon will find it best to have two nurses, one who will attend to the preparation of the patient and will have the subsequent charge of the case, and a second to attend to the details of the operating-room and to assist at the operation itself.
The assistant should allow himself at least two or three hours in which to make his preparations.
He first proceeds to clean his hands, and then, having dressed himself in his uniform, begins his work.
In this section we have attempted merely to give an outline of the general course to be pursued, leaving it to the good sense of the surgeon himself to decide upon the precise steps to be taken when other emergencies arise.
Nature defends herself, and the young do grow, but who knows at what cost of healthy development their various trials and tribulations are borne?
It is thought essential that she should learn to look after herself, or at a tender age 172 OUTLINE OF GYNAECOLOGICAL THERAPEUTICS.
This will include the choice of company, books, and amusements, the regulation of the portal system and bowels, and the rest of the organs themselves.
is it in a poor supply of blood to any one part of the system, to the nerve- centres or to the generative organs, or are we to seek the cause in the nervous system itself?
Every girl should be told how to take care of herself during the perform- ance of this important function.
Is it a wonder that they should continue to bathe and seek to rid themselves of so unwelcome a condition?
In many cases, no doubt, the mothers have never known trouble themselves, and cannot realize that harm should come to their daughters.
It is undoubted that the importance of a positive cure is not yet fully appreciated by young men who have thought themselves rid of all trouble, and they rarely have the opportunity of ultimately knowing that they have been the cause, though ignorautly, of childlessness, of long- continued suffering on the part of their young wives, or even of death from gonorrhoeal salpingitis or peritonitis.
He should, in case the menopause does not become established in regular form, take the matter into consideration and satisfy himself that nothing is amiss.
This approach allows the test system to be placed directly on top of a wafer prober, without the need for any floor space for the tester itself.
Teradyne believes this experience enables Connection Systems to differentiate itself in the market by providing integrated solutions for backplane systems.
Teradyne believes it has meritorious defenses to the claims and will defend itself vigorously.
To achieve these and other advantages and in accordance with the purpose of the present invention, according to another aspect, in an apparatus for performing a combination service with at least one or more terminals, a terminal can comprise a storage unit for storing at least terminal capability version and terminal capability information of a counterpart terminal, and a processor for sending a terminal capability version the terminal itself to the counterpart terminal when connecting the service and comparing a terminal capability version of the counterpart terminal, which is received from the counterpart terminal, with a stored terminal capability version of the counterpart terminal to selectively perform a terminal capability information exchange procedure and a service connection setup procedure.
John - Unfortunately, if I knew what the "relevant" code was, I think I'd be able to get closer to a solution myself.
As we immerse ourselves In this particular magical renaissance, allow us to marvel with the Imaginative genius powering these enchanting tales.
In grown rabbits these cells are found to have become more elongated and to have arranged themselves along the capillaries.
The presence of solid particles in the peritoneum is, in itself, not sufiicient to produce a peritonitis; the phenomena due to irritation may be present, it is true, but pathologically there are essential differences.
4)UB8ed, that all soientific news reaches this important centre from s^ parts of the medical world, so that I do not for one instant flatter myself my communication will possess the interest of novelty, and merely propose to lay before you some results of my own experience on a field of investigation which has had its ablest explorers amonff yourselves.
These have long constituted the bone of contention between tiie speciaUst and the general practitioner, and a cause of dissension amone specialists themselves, gyneeco- logists and neuropathologists alike.
