This is the second number of the lyceum course, and a pleasing program has been promised from the unlimited repertoires of these artists.
The people of this city are urged to avail themselves of the opportunity of hearing such talented and widely known artists.
POULTRY BEING STORED IN TWIN CITY HOUSES By United Press St. Paul, Nov. 18 Thousands of pounds of poultry are being placed in cold storage in Minneapolis and St. Paul, according to reports from the state department of agriculture.
Representatives of the department in charge of the cold storage stated that an unusual amount is being stored.
Furthermore, it is reported that the number of eggs in storage is smaller than usual at this time of the year.
FOURTEEN APPLY FOR CITIZENSHIP HEARING Applications have been filed by persons for naturalization hearings at the December term of district court to be held in Red Lake beginning on February 8.
The citizenship examiner will be in charge of the hearings.
Those who have filed applications are Erick Norlund of Shotley, Patrick H. Skiplon of Nevis, John Soderberg of Bines, Charles A. Smith of Wilton, Many F. Davidson of Waskish, Anna M. Anvid of Blackduck, Martin Olsad of Shilling, Jean P. Fournesse of Blackduck, Hubert F. Mitchell of Redby, Johannes Kanspets of Louis, August Anderson of Island Lake, Nicolai Brazovitch of Nevis, Clarence Tadovurick of Nevis, and Axel Alderberg of Blackduck.
TERROR IN IRISH TOWNS DISCLOSED BY COMMISSION By United Press Washington, Nov. 18 (by L. C. Martin)
A picture of peaceful Irish market towns turned into places of terror and death by British soldiers and constabulary, was painted in gripping reality by the American commission investigating conditions in Ireland.
Thruway St. Louis Barge Operator Says Saving on Transportation Would Be Large ASSOCIATION TO STAGE DRIVE FOR MEMBERSHIP Possibility of 840 Miles of Water Traffic and Pay ing Investment (By United Press)
Minneapolis, Nov. 18.The Mississippi river can be made the greatest inland waterway in the world and the northwest can save $40,000,000 annually in its coal hill alone, according to Ed.
Goltray, St. Louis successful barge line operator, as he addressed the business men in their first conference of the Upper Mississippi Valley Waterways Association yesterday.
He stated that they can save $2.75 per ton of coal from the Illinois fields with regular barge traffic established.
A permanent organization was formed with W. P. Prichett, head of the Minneapolis Traffic association, as president.
It was agreed to spend a certain amount annually on the campaign for members for this organization.
Goltray told the conferees that the best prospects were around Rock Island, Ill., where the river widens out considerably.
He lectured that it would be a paying investment to make a deep waterway and that there was a possibility of 840 miles of water traffic.
HARDING'S PARTY WILL NOT STOP AT VERA CRUZ
(By United Press)
New Orleans, Nov. 17.
(By Ruj~ond I a r. -President-elect Harding will not be able to stop at Vera Cruz, it was learned today.
Steamship officials have informed Harding it is impractical to route the vessel by the Mexican port.
MOOSE LAKE SETTLERS PROGRESSING RAPIDLY Tractor Machinery Assists in Clearing and Breaking of Productive Land The settlers in the southeast corner of Moose Lake township are rapidly developing their farms and making their community one of the most progressive of the country.
Miss Carolyn Campbell is the efficient teacher of this school.
A good road reaches the school from the highway and serves also a huge proportion of the settlers.
Quite a lot of land has been cleared in that vicinity this season.
Nearly all the farmers have good-sized clearings, J. H. Long having one hundred acres under cultivation, sixty-four acres being in timothy and fifteen in golden alfalfa, ten acres of the latter producing three crops this season.
Mr. King has a 10-20 Titan tractor and has named his farm the Titan.
Harry Burns has an 8-15 Case tractor which is giving good service clearing and breaking land.
Both clearing and breaking land.
Both complete lines of machinery having tractor hitches or especially constructed for use with tractors.
At a community meeting held last Monday night by W. S. Cummings of Bemidji, it was decided by a vote of the farmers present to adopt the name of "Goodland Community" as the proper and appropriate name by which to designate their settlement.
There will be a general naming of individual farms in the near future also.
Monday night of this week a meeting was held at the schoolhouse in the Goodland Community for the purpose of organizing a Union Sunday school.
The service was led by Miss Mary Cummings of Bemidji and was also addressed by Missionary H. J. Sunder of Grand Rapids.
A most efficient organization was completed with the following officers: Superintendent, Miss Carolyn Campbell; Secretary, Mrs. Theodore Gregerson; and Miss Campbell.
Mrs. Ada Foster and Mrs. Hilda Bell as teachers.
The foodland Union Sunday school will meet at two o'clock each Sunday afternoon.
A lunch of coffee and cake was served by the ladies at the close of the meeting.
Corona Chronicles from Stockholm
Hi, it's April 1st here in Sweden.
I just came home, I took a bike ride through the city and of course there have been enormous consequences here in Sweden as well from the COVID-19 crisis.
But if you look at it, just passing through the city, things seem like it's not that different from any given day.
There are smaller crowds than it would be on a sunny day like this, but there are still a lot of people out and about having coffee or just taking strolls through the city.
And I get that this makes Sweden different than a lot of other countries and an outlier.
I think the differences are in terms of tactics and not in strategy, and I would claim that there are two main differences that says Sweden apart.
The first is of course that the levels of restrictions are not yet close to what we've been told have been enacted in other countries.
The Public Health Authority, which is the main authority in charge of handling the crisis here in Sweden, are simply claiming that the level of infection here in Sweden is not yet such that it will warrant higher levels of restrictions.
So they want to wait for a specific target of infections and maintain that level.
So restrictions will increase in the coming days, but still they are very loosely.
And the other thing that says Sweden apart is that these restrictions are being enforced through recommendations from authorities and not as laws and tied to repression.
This might seem strange in time when the state is roaring back in all countries and restrictions or repression is one of the main tools to counter the crisis.
But in Sweden, there's a longstanding tradition of subsidiarity.
So the authorities that are closest to the areas affected are supposed to handle the crisis.
And authorities can only issue recommendations and not enact law.
This is the way that things have been handled so far in Sweden.
GREENVILLE.
“Thomas K. Winsor has gone to Florida for his health, Henry Polk, one of the oldest residents of Greenville, is ill.
The ice harvest here is about over.
Fine 12 inch ice has been cut.
Mrs. Albert Barnes is ill at the home of her daughter, Mrs. I B, Jencks.
The Namquet Worasted Mills of this place, have purchased a new White auto truck.
The Cranford Club will meet in Parish Hall next Wednesday, “A visit to Oberammergau in 1910” will be given by Dr. Sarah Sweet Winsor of Boston.
At the session of the Smithfield Town Council on Saturday, a recess was called to allow the members of the Council to inspect that part of the highway leading to Manton, where a recent accident to Joseph B. Baker of Harrisville, is said to have taken place.
The Christian Endeavor Society connected with the Baptist Church, held a social at the residence of H. S. Turner on Friday evening.
Music and games were enjoyed by a large number of the young people in this vicinity also from Providence and North Scituate.
A Washington Social will be held in February.
At the annual meeting of the Baptist Church held last week, the following officers were elected:
Clerk, Miss E. M. Mowry; Treasurer, Miss May B. Lamb; Trustees, Chester K. Walcott, N. S. Winsor, S. H. Brown, Henry S. Turner, and Mrs. F L. Gavit, Superintendent of Sunday School, H S. Turner; Assistant Superintendent, Chester K, Walcott; Superintendent of the Junior Department, Mrs. H Roberts The Greenville W, C, T, U observed its fifth anniversary on Tuesday afternoon at the home of the President, Mrs. J. H. Roberts, Mrs. Alvin Mowry of Providence, President of the Providence District W. C. T. U., gave an account of a trip to the National W. C. T. U. Convention in 1916 at Indianapolis.
Mrs. Meredith, president of the Willard Union, spoke briefly.
During the social hour, refreshments were served.
A regular meeting of the Smithfield Town Council was held last Saturday afternoon.
noon at the Town Clerk’s office.
Councilmen Thurber, Andrews, Stewart, Lees and Winsor were present.
Senator F. S. Colwell and Representative George K. Thurber were appointed a committee to ask permission of the General Assembly to change the date of the Council Meeting from the last to the first Saturday of each month.
Councilmen James H. Andrews, Joseph F. Sargeant and Charles T. Lake were appointed a committee to consider better heating facilities for the Georgiaville Bridewell.
The claim of Joseph B. Baker of Marrisville, for damages caused, it is said, by the unsafe conditions of a town highway, was referred to Councilman Andrews and Town Solicitor Harris.
The salary of Deputy Town Clerk, Caleb E Moffitt was fixed at $200 per year.
The following jurors were drawn: Charles T. Lakey, Edward Enches, A R, Cole, Harold F, Smith, William C, Harrell, Arthur C, Gould, Leland F. Mowry, Arthur P, Sebielle and Irving F, Jacques.
The request of Harriet C. Wales in regard to perpetual care of burial lots located in the town was granted.
As the Probate Court, the council transacted the following business: Charles T. Lakey was appointed custodian of the Mary K Wager Estate, Bond $2,000.
The petition of Irene B, Jenckes that she be appointed administratrix of the estate of Henry F. Jenckes was continued.
The petitions of Delmon Smith and Joseph Mowry that they be appointed executors Of the respective wills of Diana Smith and Ann Mowry were continued with order of notice, SHE JUST GETS IT.
When a Woman Makes Up Her Mind That She Wants a Thing.
The main difference between men and women is nowhere so marked as it is in the distinction between character and ability.
A woman's ability is entirely separate from his character.
A man may have genius and no character at all.
He may have small abilities and large character.
But a woman's character is determined by her ability, and her ability is determined by her character.
Women are more complicated than men.
They offer more superficial variety, but closer observation and association among them tend to make them more alike.
Men, on the other hand, grow more complicated as you come to know them better.
This is because their abilities and characters being anrelated and the proportionate measure of each subject to variations, new combinations are constantly being presented.
The various things which go to make up the motive power of a woman, on the other hand, are more closely related.
Women, therefore, concentrate more than men, although they do not seem to do so, the process being unconscious.
That explains why, if a woman wants a thing and a man doesn’t want her to have it, she always gets it.
When a woman wants a thing, she plans to get it.
Mrs. John Dailey is confined to her home by illness.
Town Clerk, S. K. Luther is able to be out, after his recent illness.
Rev. M. M. Goldie of Old Lyme, Conn., called on Thornton friends this week.
The Johnston Probate Court will hold a regular session on Tuesday, February 12.
The bowling tournament at the Pocasset Club House is exciting much interest.
A regular meeting of the Johnston Town Council will be held on Friday of next week.
Antioch and Oaklawn Grange will hold a joint meeting on Tuesday evening, February 13th, at Oaklawn.
President Howard Edwards of the R I State College will give an address.
GREYSTONE.
Harry H. Barker has a new Ford runabout.
The local nest of Owls have an installation and initiation on Sunday.
The Melbourne Club have a social in the Greystone Social Hall on the evening of February 13th.
CENTRAL.
There are many grippe cases in this section.
John T. Rielly is out again, after an illness of five or six weeks.
Station Agent, William Briggs visited relatives in Hope Valley on Sunday.
A regular meeting of the North Providence Town Council will be held Monday.
The new office in the store of Batchelder Brothers improves the appearance of the store.
Edgar B. Hurdis and Charles Phette place are going soon on a fishing trip in the south part of the state.
The North Providence School Teachers' Association will hold a meeting this evening in Boy Scouts Hall, Allendale.
Nicholas I. Reiner, formerly of this place, has just been elected president of the Providence Gan Club.
Mr. Reiner has always been an ardent sportsman and is considered one of the best shots in the state.
At the annual meeting of the Centerdale Worsted Mills held last week, the following officers were elected: President, William H. Lister; Superintendent and Treasurer, James Lister; Secretary and Assistant Treasurer, Robert W. Lister; Directors, Joseph B. Lister, Benjamin F. Lister and William H. Thornley.
Henry K. Nugent and family, have removed from Edgewood to the Elmwood section of Providence.
ESMOND.
The Esmond Branch of the Smithfield Savings Bank is now located in Chapman Bros, store.
L. A. Chapman will have charge until other arrangements are made.
GECRGIAVILLE.
For job printing, try the TIMES office, Olneyville Square.
Dr. I. S. Cook, who has been ill with the grippe, is able to be out again.
The following residents of this section of Smithfield were drawn for jury duty at the session of the Town Council held last Saturday in Greenville: Charles T. Lakey, Augustus R. Cole, Edward Knches, A. C. Gould, William C Hairell and Leland F, Mowry, TEETH MENDING IN CHILE.
Not an Easy Matter For Foreign Den- tists to Practice There.
Not every foreigner who comes along with the claim to being a dentist can practice that profession in Chile.
The government sees to it that anyone who is to look after the health and preservation of the teeth of its people must first demonstrate his qualifications.
The law provides that before a license may be granted a foreigner to practice dentistry in the country, the applicant must secure permission from the rector of the University of Chile to take the examination.
His foreign diploma, duly certified and authenticated, must be attached to the permit, and a fee of $73 per person (about $73 in United States money) must be deposited for the license in the office of the secretary of the university if the applicant passes the examination successfully.
The license is issued, and he is authorized to open his office for business.
Any applicant who holds a dental diploma from a school not known or recognized by the Chilean authorities is required to complete the third year's work of the dental department of the University of Chile and must also pass a satisfactory examination before he can obtain a license to practice.
For this reason, it offers an excellent opportunity to the cotton planter for adjusting his farm plans to offset the damage to cotton inflicted by the boll weevil.
Soybeans should be of additional interest to farmers since, as in the case of other legumes, their culture improves the soil.
As a pasturage crop, this legume is rich in protein and is particularly suited for pasturing hogs, especially so when the beans are grown for soil improvement.
When the plants are young and tender, the hogs will practically eat the whole of the plant, but after they become mature and hard and woody, they will not be eaten so readily.
By planting the same variety at different dates or by using varieties with different dates of maturity, the grazing may be extended over a considerable period.
Although this crop is chiefly used for pasturing hogs, all other kinds of live stock may be pastured on it if desired.
Salt for dairy cows.
From one to two ounces of salt daily, in accord with the amount of milk produced, is sufficient to meet all requirements of a dairy cow on rations of ordinary feeds, according to Dr. E. B. Forbes of the Ohio experiment station.
In nutrition studies with cows milking as much as forty-five pounds daily and fed common feeds, he found that one ounce of salt a day satisfied the cow's needs.
To Keep Up a Good Milk Flow.
To keep the cow persistently in milk always milk rapidly and see that every bit of milk is taken each time.
It does not pay to turn the milking over to careless and inexperienced hands.
CHICKEN CHATTER.
Notwithstanding that many good breeds have been imported, the fact remains that not one of them can be classed with our American production.
