He lectured that it would be a paying investment to make a deep waterway and that there was a possibility of 840 miles of water traffic.
There will be a general naming of individual farms in the near future also.
There are smaller crowds than it would be on a sunny day like this, but there are still a lot of people out and about having coffee or just taking strolls through the city.
There are many grippe cases in this section.
There is just as great a necessity for a musical director in an up-to-date shoe factory as there is in grand opera, and no workman should be permitted to build a pair of squeaky shoes unless he can pass a severe test in harmony.
The attacks of pain are usually of but short duration, the patient com- plaining that several times during the day there has been a sud- den sharp pain in the throat radiating toward the ear.
If there will be a subsequent round or period, the device may remove any previously used player from the list of available players for each user (step 210).
Even if we were able to replace one of our raw material suppliers through another supply arrangement, there is no assurance that the terms that we enter into with such alternate supplier will be as favorable as the supply arrangements that we currently have. ·
Furthermore, there can be no assurance that necessary licenses would be available to us on satisfactory terms or at all.
There is no assurance that any such failures, interruptions or security breaches will not occur or, if they do occur, that they will be adequately addressed by our policies and procedures that are intended to safeguard our systems.
The quality of the filling is difficult to control especially when there is a comparatively large tripping during the trench scribing process.
With some examples, there may be even a combination of conversion and removal of the first material or first material composition.
Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders There were no matters submitted to a vote of our security holders during the last quarter of the year ended December 31, 2005.
There is no maximum amount of shares that the Company may purchase under this plan.
No detectable signal was detected abovebackground for the chambers which did not contain β-actin primer andprobe, indicating that there was no cross-contamination betweendetection chambers after 40 heat/cool cycles.
These stages occur in the order mentioned, and there is no distinct line of demarcation between each succeeding stage.
In the beginning, an infiltration circumscribes the lesions, but in the older lesions there may be a distinct capsule.
The degree of fibrous proliferation is quite variable in some instances; there is a limited amount, and in other cases the normal lung tissue is displaced by fibrous tissue.
— Acute pleurisy is practically always the result of infection, although there are many predisposing factors that are active in diminishing resistance and thus increasing the possibility of successful infection.
Malformations There may be a total absence of one or the other kidney.
Acute Interstitial Nephritis An occasional kidney is found in which there is a leukocytic invasion and other evidence of a reaction in the interstitial or supporting tissue, the parenchymatous tissue being unaffected.
ditions — at least, there is a variety of different types of lesions observed.
The kidney is mottled, due to hemorrhages and infarction, and there is no definite line of demarca- tion between the medulla and cortex.
It is possible that there may be some modi- fication of the urine of slaughtered animals, but it is doubtful if the changes are of much significance.
The urine has also been found to contain varying quantities of albumin in which there was an acute nephritis.
There may be a straddling gait.
In addition hereto, there is no risk of damage to theouter covering of the visor when fitting the axle attachment, whichresults in a commensurate decrease in the number of sun visor assemblieswhich need to be scrapped.
When the eyes are directed upwards in health there is an associated contraction of the elevators of the lids and the upper eyelids are retracted, and when the eyes are directed downwards there is a simultaneous downward movement of the upper eyelids, and DixouK or TKI Fiurr
When the patient looks up (Fig. 100) the left or healthy eye is rotated upwards, and there is a simultaneous upward movement of both eyelids on that aide, but.
102, 3) ; the vertical distance be- tween the images increases according as the eyes are directed upwards and outwards, while the false image disappears at the horizontal line, provided there be no secondary contraction of the inferior rectus.
2.2 Docking Stations and PDAs  There is a serious problem developing with vehicles such as cars,trucks, boats and private planes and computer systems.
In thisconfiguration, there is a minimum reliance on the transmission of powerand data to and from the vehicle electrical system which is the leastreliable part of the airbag system, especially during a crash.
To partially cope with this problem, there is a movement to connect allof the safety systems onto a single bus (see for example U.S. Pat. No.06,326,704).
Also there was apronounced response in iron metabolism.
Similarly, in S. thermophilusthere was a higher expression of pathways that convert serine intocysteine and methionine (1.5-1.9-fold).
Since the bands protrude beyond the wall of the piston, except at the thrust segment, there is a space or recess between the bands where the oil may accumulatein the event that it works up above the lower band.
There can be no mistaking the central conception of this school.
Now, Mr. Lecky has recently said that there is probably no better test of the political genius of a nation than the power it possesses of adapting old institutions to new wants, and he finds the English people pre-eminent in this characteristic.^ There can be little doubt, however, that the quality here called political genius, which is undoubtedly, on the whole, characteristic of the Anglo-Saxon peoples, has its roots, in this instance, 1
With regard to the dissolved oxygen content, there is a sharpdecrease starting at 3 m and goes to an extremely severe environment ofalmost zero at a depth of 6 m prior to operation of the seawater pump100, whereas after three days of operation of the pump 100,notwithstanding a slight drop near the surface down to 1-2 m from thesurface, the value is roughly constant down to a depth of 7 m.Particularly noteworthy is the fact that the dissolved oxygen content isnot stirred uniform by the pump 100, but that there is an overallincrease in the dissolved oxygen content.
7, there is a considerable tendency toward adrop in dissolved oxygen concentration during the summer when the highand low tide level difference is small.
In addition, all images are projected from the same lens andthere is no need to joint these images.
Therefore, there is a need todevelop a projection apparatus capable of adjusting the quality ofprojected images according to environmental changes, thereby providingusers with a desirable viewing quality.
In a modern commercial environment, there is an array of differentfinancial products that consumers have available to them in executingfinancial transactions.
Stored-valuetransactions might be considered to be a subset of debit transactions inwhich some money is set aside, but where there is no free access tofunds in the account.
In either set of embodiments, there may be a number of specificfeatures.
There are also anumber of security issues associated with such arrangements.
Apparatus according to claim 21 wherein a bleeder resistance is connected across the output terminals of said voltage rectifying means within said evacuated chamber, said bleeder resistance having a tap intermediate between its extremities and wherein there is a connection from said bleeder tap to said cathode ray tube focussing electrode.
For example, there is a potentially large number of samples N even ifthe ultimate desired K is small; the encoder must compute all of the Ntransform coefficients {α_(i)}, even though it will discard all but K ofthem; the encoder faces the overhead of encoding the locations of thelarge coefficients; potentially large memories are needed to storesampled information before compressing; and significant memory-processorbus bandwidth may be needed to move data from memory to the circuit orprocessor performing the compression.
There are a range of alternative reconstruction techniques based ongreedy, stochastic, and variational algorithms.
Optionally, there may be anadditional hardware support unit 440 to assist in the compressivesampling function.
Suppose there is a vector a that isa projection of the k-th column of matrix A (840).
From the point of view of a, there is a cycle of a fixedset of values for each a_(i).
BernerandBriken(2007)revieweddiagnoses in DSM-IV and ICD-10 and noted that paraphilic symptoms Second, there are a variety of circumstances under which individualsmayseekormaybeneﬁtfrommentalhealthservices that do not represent disorders or diseases.
Althoughtherewerevery few speciﬁc criticismsin the literature that focus on these categories in the ICD-10, there has been a considerably more active dis- cussioninrelationtotheDSM-IVandDSM-5(e.g.,Blanchard, 2009,2010a,b,2013;Blanchardetal.,2008;First,2010;Frances &First,2011;Franklin,2009;Kafka,2010a,b;Krueger,2010a,b; La˚ngstro¨m, 2010), which was also considered by the WGSDSH.
Exhibitionistic Disorder Essential (Required) Features: RenamingSectionF65DisordersofSexualPreference to Paraphilic Disorders and Overall Deﬁnition There was no justiﬁcation for maintaining an ostensible requirement that WHO member states collect statistics on 12 123 3 3
More recently, so-called ‘video voyeurs’ have been described who use video equipment to record individuals in public or private places where there is an expectation of privacy The act of observing is for the purpose of achieving sexual excitement and does not necessarily involve an attempt to initiate sexual activity with the personbeingobserved.
More recently, so-called ‘video voyeurs’ have been described who use video equipment to record individuals in public or private places where there is an expectation of privacy 123 123 Arch Sex Behav (2017) 46:1529–1545 1537 ( q ) A sustained, focused, and intense pattern of sexual arousal—as manifested by persistent sexual thoughts, fantasies, urges, or behaviours—involving pre-pubertal children A broad range of sexual behaviour with peers may occur in children or adolescents.
Unless there is a persistent pattern of such behaviour, reﬂecting a sustained, focused, and intense pattern of sexual arousal focused on pre-pubertal children, the diagnosis of Pedophilic Disorder is inappropriate.
For example,in addition to the traditional cola brands containing syrup and caffein,there is a demand for artificially sweetened drinks, and alsocaffein-free drinks.
Feasibility of Machine Learning techniques for Network Intrusion Detection Is there a machine learning concept (algorithm or multi-classifier system) that can detect the variance of network attacks(or try to).
So with an unsupervised technique, there is no need to explicitly show the algorithm instances of each class, nor is it necessary to establish baseline measurements, etc.
For each packet acquired there is an entry in both the Samples Estimate List 206 and the Information Bit Estimates List 213.
25 this is not the case since there is a phase change at around OFDM symbol 30 in some of the sub-carriers.
F - 19 As of December 31, 2013, there were no legally restricted funds for the purpose of settling AROs.
There were no transfers between the fair value hierarchy levels during the years ended December 31, 2013 or 2012.
Here, there is a problem in that the user desiring to watch content should perform an operation of accessing the user information management server 70 by the user terminal 50, finding a member switching page, sending a switching request, or the like, thereby consuming the time, if the user is the normal member.
ReLU is available in Orange at least (there is a dropdown which you can explore but ReLU works best mostly, read this).
There are many advantages, not only in the greatest possible freedom of development in the Socialist Commonwealth, but also in actual variety of organisation; and, subject to the systematic arrangements for accurate costing, audit and publicity carried out under the supervision of the Social Parliament (which should be made universal on all enterprises, by whomsoever conducted), i" 252 ASSOCIATIONS OF CONSUMERS in the widest possible emulation among the various types of democratic organisation for public objects.
The future interests of the community are in other cases so much involved, | and so largely in opposition to those of the present generation, that there is no logical reason, and even possible danger, in vesting the administration in the hands of an electorate whose attention is deliberately focussed on the immediate interests of the consumer of to-day.
Finally, there is in some cases (notably as regards the site value of land and minerals) an economic advantage to be reaped which is equitably the property of the community as a whole, and cannot justly be left to be appropriated _ even by a municipality, or by any other fraction of the community.
But there will always be peculiar tastes and exceptional aspirations ; there will be the continuous stream of novel demands, many of them purely experimental and certainly transient; there will be all sorts of cravings—inventive, artistic, emotional, religious, and what not—for which people will want to find expression and gratification ; above all, there will be, in Great Britain at least, an imperative desire to do whatever one feels inclined to do, and to get’ whatever one oe a %, 268 ASSOCIATIONS OF CONSUMERS fancies, whether or not any of the National Boards or any of the Local Authorities or any of the Co-operative Societies has already foreseen and provided for it.
Britain, whatever may be done in countries more accustomed to the “Police State,” the enormously valuable principle that whatever is not expressly declared to be an offence against the law is permissible to the individual, without leave or licence from any department or official, Some legal prohibitions there must of course be, but between what is for the time being actually pro- vided by the various forms of collectivist organisation, and what is specially prohibited by the criminal law, there will necessarily always be a considerable un- charted ocean into which individuals must be free to dive at their own peril.
There need be no limit to the possible developments of this corporate extension of individual personality.
But this does not mean that there should be no unofficial journals.
As already implied, the reason for this omission is that these voluntary associations of consumers will not own instruments of production which are of unique value to the community, or which cannot be replaced ; they freely admit additional members without pre- mium; they will not have a legal. monopoly of any trade or service, and the services which they will administer will not be such as to involve issues of policy on which there will be a cleavage of interests between this generation of consumers and the permanent welfare of the community, or the interests of future generations.
And, finally, will there be, as part of the constitution of the Socialist Commonwealth, a national assembly based on a vocational fran- chise and co-ordinated with the Political and Social Parliaments ?
In a society in which all adults will be workers so long as fulness of health and strength lasts, and in which all will have equal chances, from birth to death, of enjoying a civilised existence, there will be no room, so the Socialists recognise, for class consciousness and the class struggle.
To our knowledge, there is no other company employing technology similar or comparable to our SFD Survey System for oil and natural gas exploration.
There can be no assurance that the Company will be commercially successful in adopting this new strategy or any other business strategy.
Although companies have expressed interest in this service and we anticipate that this business strategy will become profitable there is no assurance that we can secure contracts or execute them profitably.
Furthermore even if resources are available there can be no assurance that the Company will be commercially or technically successful in enhancing the technology.
There is no certainty that an investor can trade our common shares on public markets at a stable market price There is only a limited public market for our common shares on the OTC/Bulletin Board, and the Franklin and Berlin Exchanges and there is a risk that a broader or more active public trading market for our common shares will never develop or be sustained, or that current trading levels will not be sustained.
There can be no assurance that such measures will provide adequate protection for the Company's proprietary technologies and processes.
There can be no assurance that a patent, if applied for, can be registered to protect our intellectual property.
Furthermore if registered there can be no assurance that it will be sufficiently broad to protect the Company's technology or that any potential patent will not be challenged, invalidated or circumvented or that any right granted hereunder would provide meaningful protection or a competitive advantage to the Company.
There can be no assurance that the steps taken by the Company to prevent misappropriation or infringement of our intellectual property will be successful.
There can be no assurance that any insurance obtained by the project operator covering claims related to worker's compensation, comprehensive general liability for bodily injury and property damage, comprehensive automobile liability and pollution, cleanup, underground blowout and evacuation will be adequate to cover all losses or liabilities which may be incurred within projects in which we participate.
There is a risk that other companies or individuals may develop exploration products and services that are superior to our SFD Survey System.
SUBMISSION Of MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS There have been no matters submitted during the fourth quarter of the fiscal year covered by this report to a vote of security holders, through the solicitation of proxies or otherwise.
BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION  There are many types of malodors in society.
Especially, there are many uncomfortable malodors at home.
However, as there are many deodorizers in the market, it is difficult for consumers to know which product is best for them.
Therefore, there is a need to provide a method for advertising deodorizer products which shows their malodor removal performance.
If this analogical inference were not justified, neither should we have any right to hold the view that there is a real Order of the World, corresponding to the Order of the World thought by us, and consequently we should have no right to ascribe objective truth to our thinking.
There must just as certainly be an objective qualification of real nature corresponding to this our subjective sensation, as there are real objects and their relations in the world corresponding to our representations and the connections of our representations.
If there is " a resting pole in the flight of phenomena " not merely in our repre sentations but in truth, in being itself, we shall have to seek it in the living spirit of God, who asserts Himself as the independent and permanent Lord of the changing phenomena — as " King of the ^Eons " — by this, that He distinguishes in His thinking, His eternal inner essence from His changeable working in the world.
All the questions which refer to the inner nature of God, whether it be to His hidden decrees, or to the way in which the existence of the world is reflected in His inner being, or to how His eternal essence is related to the succession of time —whether there is also in Him a remembering and a foreseeing, or whether to Him all is eternally the same present, without past and future, — all such and simi lar questions pass entirely beyond the limits of our knowledge.
There was an outburst of applause during several minutes.
During the calling of the roll, Col. Henry F. Donovan, of Chicago, made complaint that there were so many people in the aisles that the delegates could not find their seats.
There was but one contest and that was from the Eleventh congressional district, and it was moved and adopted that all the delegates be seated save where there was a contest.
For example, should there be a failureof the lamp filament, momentary failure of the power supply or breakageof the sensor associated with the controlled equipment, the regulatormust react so as not to give erroneous commands which might damage theequipment.
In addition, in accordance with any one of the paragraphs above there is a computer program embodied on a non-transitory memory comprising machine readable instructions executed to perform the method as in any one of the preceding claims.
In accordance with an exemplary aspect of the invention there is at least a method, apparatus, and executable computer program to perform actions comprising receiving a shortened subframe in a determined subframe, the shortened subframe having a plurality of active symbols at first symbol positions in a determined subframe and having a plurality of blanked symbols at second symbol positions in the determined subframe, and decoding the active symbols based on the received shortened subframe having the plurality of active symbols at the first symbol positions and having the plurality of blanked symbols at the second symbol positions.
Further, there is at least a method in accordance with the paragraph above performed by a mobile communication device
There is no USB controller or hardware as such available, but there is a verilog file instead which can simulate the hardware and allow the user to interact with it by sending signals to it.
Longitudinally along the centre of the male part of the device 4 theremay be a strengthening rod 11 of another material totally encased withinthe male part of the device 4.
Encased at the ends of recesses 3 there is an external sleeve 5 of thedevice which has a reverse tapered portion 12 encasing the expandablecollar 6 engaging on the reverse tapered portion 12 of the externalsleeve 5.
Around the outer circumference of the ring of arcuate segmental wedges13 there is a cylindrical flexible elastic membrane 17.
Where there is an international system of nomenclature accepted by the Parties, this may also be used.
It should also be noted that there are many alternative ways of implementing the methods and compositions of the present invention.
Consequently, there is an advantage in that the operation of mounting the dust collecting means in a predetermined position inside the casing is facilitated.
Furthermore, when the dust collecting means is mounted, the dust collecting means is guided to a predetermined position by the guide rail, so that there is an advantage in that the operation of mounting the dust collecting means is further facilitated.
Furthermore, since the dust collecting means can be mounted along the inner surface of the casing, the area can be enlarged, so that there is an advantage in that the dust-collecting capabilities can be improved, thereby making it possible to obtain high dust-collecting capabilities in the casing having the same height.
Additionally, since the thin-walled portions of the dust collecting means are respectively disposed at corner portions within the casing, there is an advantage in that high dust-collecting capabilities can be obtained.
Furthermore, since the thin-walled portions of the dust collecting means are disposed at positions corresponding to bent corner portions in the configuration of the heat exchanger, there is an advantage in that high dust-collecting capabilities can be obtained.
Additionally, there is an advantage of improving the dust-collecting efficiency.
Additionally, there is an advantage of improving the dust-collecting efficiency by virtue of the dust collecting means for covering the heat exchanger including at least a half of the rear heat exchanger.
Therefore, there is an advantage in that high-performance heat exchanging capabilities can be obtained in a compact indoor unit whose height is low.
Accordingly, there is an advantage in that it is possible to obtain high dehumidifying capabilities.
Hence, there is an advantage in that it is possible to obtain high dehumidifying capabilities.
There are a number of structural factors that may affect the proper closure of the mitral valve leaflets.
While most VNFs are not disaggregated, Cloud-native, Microservices at this point, there are an ever growing number of VNFs being made available from both incumbent and new vendors.
Virtualization of Network Functions is a step, but there is a need to enable technology to integrate, orchestrate, configure and manage all these moving pieces in a secure, scalable and resilient manner.
Managing Snowflakes  There is a tendency in life and business to oversimplify a problem to come up with an easy solution.
There is an alternative to tight constraints, it is relaxed-constraints and it has a fairly successful implementation—the Web.
To cope with all these heterogeneous and continuously evolving components there may be an abstraction, a way to generalize the snowflakes, map them to standard references wherever possible while accommodating unique details.
If there was a common model wrapping heterogeneous VNFs it may support the development of multi-vendor marketplaces and platforms for onboarding, composing and orchestrating them.
As technology increases, and concern by governmental agencies and the consuming public increase on the use of electricity and safety, there is a need for alternative circuit breakers.
On account of above, it should be obvious that there is indeed an urgent need for the professionals in the field for a new package module to be developed that can effectively solve those above mentioned problem occurring in the prior design.
How to adjust the position of dialog box at a specific position relative to the device in android I have an android application in which there is a dialog box which opens up as a result of a button click.
There is a class of cases, fortunately not a large one, in which pri- mary amputation is clearly indicated, cases in which the fracture is only one, and sometimes not the most important, of the injuries received.
In the leg and in the forearm a condition occasionally exists which is not found where there is only a single bone.
In most of the cases probably the union has only been fibrous, although close and firm, and has slowly yielded under use ; but in others, in which there is no reason to doubt the solidity of the imion, the cause has been a local inflammation, such as erysipelas, or an ulcer, an acute febrile disease, or scurvy.
Thus, even when adding or removing a business function as a planned event, there may be no efficient mechanism to determine how the addition or removal of the business function will affect other interrelated and interdependent business functions.
Thus, even computer generated models may have limited usefulness since there is no way to manipulate the computer generated models.
For example, without formal operators there may be no way to compare similarly typed business models, contrast differently typed business models, constrain an instance of a business model, refine a business model based, for example, for a specific industry, or compose a business model from a collection of other business models.
For example, there is typically no way to compare similar businesses, let alone parts of businesses, to one another or to compare a business to best practice business models and/or configurations.
Thus, even if a business model includes a particular business function, there may be no way to constrain the business function to a specified use or determine if the business function is sufficiently constrained for a specified use.
However, there may be no way for a business to determine if the transportation outsourcer has cross-docking capability.
For example, there may be no way to compose a business model for an innovative, new banking business from elements of pre-defined models of a retail banking model, a transaction banking model, and a product banking model.
However, there may be no way to refine a generic accounts receivable model such that the accounts receivable model is appropriate for a specified industry, for a business of a specified size, or in a specified geographic location.
Likewise, there is no requirement that all the processing of a capability be completed before an output can be produced.
In another approach, there is a method to access a resource over a firstchannel where the resource requires a second authentication parameterover a second channel.
In one aspect of this approach there is a methodincluding receiving a request over a first channel for a resource thatrequires a second authentication parameter; transmitting a token valueover the first channel; receiving the token value and the secondauthentication parameter over a second channel; and using the tokenvalue to associate the request received over the first channel with thesecond authentication parameter received over the second channel.
In one aspect there is amethod that includes receiving a first authentication parameter from afirst device, wherein the first device is associated with a first user,receiving a request for a resource from the first user that requires anindication of approval of a second user, and transmitting a token valueto the first device.
In another aspect, there is a computer program product for generatingcode on a network.
In another aspect, there is a system for generating code on a network.
There is typically an extremely high rate of attrition from the failure of drug candidates proceeding through clinical trials.
We focus on disease indications where we believe there is a clear unmet medical need and commercial opportunity for more effective therapies.
A bandage around the pillows will seldom be necessary, as the patient can generally be induced to keep the knees sufficiently close to- gether, and if she is told to keep the internal surface of one as nearly as possible op- posite to that of the other, there will usually be no harm done by dis- pensing with the bandage.
