But if you look at it, just passing through the city, things seem like it's not that different from any given day.
The first is of course that the levels of restrictions are not yet close to what we've been told have been enacted in other countries.
The Public Health Authority, which is the main authority in charge of handling the crisis here in Sweden, are simply claiming that the level of infection here in Sweden is not yet such that it will warrant higher levels of restrictions.
The government sees to it that anyone who is to look after the health and preservation of the teeth of its people must first demonstrate his qualifications.
Any applicant who holds a dental diploma from a school not known or recognized by the Chilean authorities is required to complete the third year's work of the dental department of the University of Chile and must also pass a satisfactory examination before he can obtain a license to practice.
They are at once strangely nonsensical and strangely practical—nonsense because they must endure great strains and yet are necessarily made of unendurable material; practical because nothing can match air as a shock absorber.
and yet so tough and elastic that it would both yield to blows and resist punctures and blowouts the ideal
One of the hardest technical tasks ever set was that of demanding from the rubber industry a tube which would hold air and which would also be resilient.
Let us not overlook the fact that only good hogs pay at any time, says the Farm Journal.
When this occurs in individuals beyond fifty years of age it is un- wise to attempt any radical measures to prevent reaccumula- tion of fluid.
If in any given case it seems advisable to inject fluid into the mid- dle ear, care must be taken that the instruments employed in the operation, as well as the fluid itself, have been thoroughly sterilized by heat.
The choice of medicated vapors in any given case will depend upon the rules given for their selection for a simi- lar condition of the Eustachian tube in acute cases.
When the condition is present upon both sides the organ last affected may become involved only after many years, and it frequently happens that patients do not dis- cover any impairment of hearing until the previously healthy ear is affected, when examination reveals marked impair- ment in the hearing power of the opposite side.
All of these changes about the oval and round windows may occur without displace- ment of the membrana tympani, or without giving rise to any changes discoverable upon ocular inspection.
This is apt to persist for a considerable length of time, and the patient feels entirely un- fitted for any kind of mental or physical labor, the entire sen- sorium being to an extent blunted.
Knowing this fact, it is difficult to estimate the value of treatment in any given case, the apparent improvement being possibly due to a period of spontaneous quiescence.
Aside from treatment, the environment of the patient or the occurrence of any severe illness affect the progress of the aural condition to a marked extent.
I have had no per- sonal experience with this plan, but in cases where it has been tried I have failed to see any benefit.
It has never seemed wise to me to give an absolutely un- favorable prognosis in any case where the lesion was confined mostly to the middle ear without trying the effect of stimula- tion of the lining membrane by means of vapors for a period of four to six weeks, the inflation being performed at first on alternate days and the interval gradually increased to three or four days.
As mentioned in a pre- ceding chapter, however, it is impossible to assert that the increase in tension is due to the presence of adhesions in any one particular locality.
The stapes must then be freed by division of the sta- pedius tendon and of any adhesions lying in the oval niche, in the manner to be described in the chapter on operative pro- cedures within the tympanum.
If the degree of fixation is extreme it may be wise to attempt extraction of the stapes, although the results obtained are not perfectly satisfac- tory, and the author prefers to remove the malleus, incus, and drum membrane, leaving the stapes in an easily accessible po- sition, so that subsequently mechanical mobilization may be effected if fixation occurs again at any future time.
When the labyrinth is involved to any extent operative interference is contraindicated, since the cases do not improve after such procedures, but are frequently rendered worse.
The extent of labyrinthine involvement in any given case is determined by the degree to which the upper tone limit is lowered and by discovering the upper limit in the musical scale at which the normal ratio between air and bone conduction is reversed.
From the increased blood supply any excess of labyrinthine fluid is abstracted from the bony cavity which contains it, entering the general circula- tion and subsequently being eliminated in the cutaneous or salivary secretions.
They are not interested in interactions with their equals, because they don't believe, they have any equals.
None of the players of the first fantasy lineup for an individual user is included in any subsequent fantasy lineup of the individual user.
Such a fantasy game may be applicable to any suitable event with a predetermined time period of games and not limited solely to football.
Subsequent fantasy lineups are received by the system for the fantasy team from each user, such fantasy lineups comprising one or more players selected from the subsequent list of available players, where none of the players of the first fantasy lineup for the individual user is included in any subsequent fantasy lineup of the individual user.
The communications network 130 may include any number of networks capable of providing communications between the server 110, statistical information source 120, and terminals 140.
For example, the communications network may be one or more, or any combination of, wireless networks, data or packet networks, publicly switched telephone networks (PSTN), etc.
The participant terminals 140 may include any suitable device operable to act as a client on a network.
Illustrative terminals 140 include, but are not limited to, personal computers, desktop computers, laptop computers, servers, or any suitable telecommunications device, including, but not limited to, VoIP telephones, smart telephones or wireless devices, such as cellular telephones, personal digital assistants (PDA), communications enabled mp3 players, etc.
The statistical information source 120 may be any suitable source of statistical information relevant to the fantasy game played.
Alternatively, the statistical information source 120 may be a third-party source, such as a news website STATS, Inc. headquartered in Northbrook, Ill., or any other suitable source of statistical information.
In the illustrative embodiment, the statistical information source 120 includes statistical information related to one or more real-life athletes participating in one or more real-life games; however, it will be appreciated that the statistical information source 120 may include statistical information related to real-life and/or virtual athletes as well as any real-life and/or virtual athletic event.
The server 110 may be any server, computer or device configured to process commands from the participant terminals 140.
The fantasy competition may be a fantasy league, a single fantasy game, a weekly fantasy contest, a fantasy tournament, or any other suitable fantasy sports competition.
However, it will be appreciated that each player may be associated with real-life and/or virtual athletes as well as any real-life and/or virtual athletic event.
Illustrative factors may include, without limitation: picking players from the team that loses (e.g., with a possibility of greater points for picking an upset according to suitable betting odds or any other suitable determination), actual accrued points by players, positional scoring (e.g., reward an unforeseen high scoring game from a position or player that does not general score a lot of points based on historical league position scores (e.g., if more than two standard deviations from average for the position or any other suitable determination)), boldness in player choice (e.g., choosing a player further down a depth chart of a given team and choosing said player early on in the playoffs or the like), etc.
It will be appreciated that any other suitable bonus point system may be employed and remain within the scope of the present disclosure.
By way of illustration and without any limitation, a fantasy game may be played over the course of an NFL playoff period whereby each fantasy team submits a new fantasy lineup for each round of the playoffs.
Players used for any given round (e.g., wild-card round) are ineligible for use in any subsequent round (e.g., divisional round, conference championship, Super Bowl, etc.).
It will, however, be appreciated that the present disclosure is not limited in any way to the NFL and/or the NFL playoffs and has applicability to playoffs or tournaments of other sports.
Likewise, only statistics corresponding to the three quarters of play by the replacement quarterback are considered in calculating a score, and any additional statistics by the replacement quarterback are ignored.
It will be appreciated that the quarters of play (or any other suitable time demarcation) need not be running concurrently or consecutively.
For example, the first quarterback may play the first quarter of the football game and the replacement quarterback may complete any three quarters for consideration (e.g., the first three quarters, the final three quarters, etc.).
The method may be implemented by a server, wireless device, VoIP telephone, other advanced intelligence network device, or any combination thereof, generally referred to herein as the “device.”
While the illustrative embodiment employs the game of football, it will be appreciated that this is for illustrative purposes only and that any suitable event may be employed and remain within the scope of the present disclosure.
However, it will be appreciated that the flex position may be selected from any other position and remain within the scope of the present disclosure.
Moreover, it will be appreciated that the lineup may be comprised with any suitable number of players selected from any suitable position(s) and remain within the scope of the present disclosure.
The statistical information may be any suitable statistical information relevant to a fantasy game.
In calculating the score (step 206), any suitable scoring system may be employed.
It will, however, be appreciated that the forgoing scoring system is illustrative only and that any suitable scoring system may be employed and remain within the scope of the present disclosure.
It will be appreciated that the forgoing further input examples are illustrative only and not limiting in any way.
If there will be a subsequent round or period, the device may remove any previously used player from the list of available players for each user (step 210).
Since each lineup is unique to each user, the players removed from the list of available players (and, consequently, any subsequent list of available players) may be unique to each user.
We have entered into agreements with key employees prohibiting them from disclosing any of our confidential information or trade secrets.
In addition, these agreements also provide that any inventions or discoveries relating to our business by these individuals will be assigned to us and become our sole property.
The Physician Payment Sunshine Act, which was included in the Affordable Care Act, imposes new reporting and disclosure requirements on device and drug manufacturers for any "transfer of value" made or distributed to prescribers and other healthcare providers.
We cannot predict what impact the adoption or modification of any federal or state healthcare reform measures, including the Affordable Care Act, and state healthcare reform, future private sector reform or market forces may have on our business.
Our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks.
Our ability to maintain profitability is heavily dependent upon our ability to pass through to our customers the full amount of any increase in raw material costs.
Any losses we incur as a result of our exposure to the credit risk of our customers could harm our results of operations.
Any material losses as a result of customer defaults could harm and have an adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. ·
Others may challenge the validity of any patents issued to us, and we could encounter legal and financial difficulties in enforcing our patent rights against infringers.
An adverse determination in any such proceeding could subject us to significant liabilities to third parties or require us to seek licenses from third parties or pay royalties that may be substantial.
Furthermore, any new line of business or new product or service could have a significant impact on the effectiveness of our system of internal control.
Any one of these actions could materially adversely affect our revenues and profitability and harm our reputation.
If we or our OEM medical device customers fail to comply with these manufacturing regulations, including meeting reporting obligations to the FDA, or fail any FDA inspections, marketing or distribution of our products may be prevented or delayed, which would negatively impact our business.
Our products are subject to product recalls even after receiving regulatory clearance or approval, and any such recalls would negatively affect our financial performance and could harm our reputation.
Any of our products may be found to have significant deficiencies or defects in design or manufacture.
Any product recall would divert managerial and financial resources and negatively affect our financial performance, and could harm our reputation with customers and end-users.
Any failure to receive the regulatory approvals necessary to commercialize our product candidates, or the subsequent withdrawal of any such approvals, would harm our business.
If we fail to obtain or maintain, or encounter delays in obtaining or maintaining, regulatory approvals, it could adversely affect the marketing of any products we develop or modify, our ability to receive product revenues, and our liquidity and capital resources.
We rely on technology to operate our business and any failure of these systems could harm our business.
There is no assurance that any such failures, interruptions or security breaches will not occur or, if they do occur, that they will be adequately addressed by our policies and procedures that are intended to safeguard our systems.
The occurrence of any failures, interruptions or security breaches of our information technology systems could damage our reputation, result in a loss of customer business, subject us to additional regulatory scrutiny, and expose us to civil litigation and possible financial liability, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
Severe weather, natural disasters, acts of war or terrorism and other adverse external events at any one or more of these locations could have a significant impact on our ability to conduct business.
Our disaster recovery policies and procedures may not be effective and the occurrence of any such event could have a material adverse effect on our business, which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
Sales outside the United States subject us to many risks, such as: ● economic or political problems that disrupt foreign healthcare payment systems; ● the imposition of governmental controls; ● less favorable intellectual property or other applicable laws; ● protectionist laws and business practices that favor local competitors; ● the inability to obtain any necessary foreign regulatory or pricing approvals of products in a timely manner; ● changes in tax laws and tariffs; ● receivables may be more difficult to collect; and ● longer payment cycles.
If we do so, we may have difficulty integrating the acquired personnel, operations, products or technologies and we may not realize the expected benefits of any such acquisition.
In addition, acquisitions may dilute our earnings per share, disrupt our ongoing business, distract our management and employees and increase our expenses, any of which could harm our business.
Any divestiture may result in significant write-offs, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
Eventual thermal effect and associated geometric deformations of the substrate and/or of the layer stack do therefore not have any influence on the quality of the first trench.
Generally, for conducting an electrochemical process or a chemical reaction with any of the solutions described herein it will be sufficient to bring the layer stack in direct contact with the respective solution.
Hence, the formation of the second trench does not have any substantial effect on the integrity of the first electrode layer and/or of the first reaction product of the first electrode layer.
Item 1A.  Item 1A. Risk Factors Relating to Our Business Set forth below and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are some of the principal risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual business results to differ materially from any forward-looking statements contained in this Report.
Any failure to comply with regulatory standards affecting our products could subject us to fines or penalties, and could require us to cease production of any non-compliant engine or to recall any engines produced and sold in violation of the applicable standards.
Any significant reduction in the level of engine production outsourcing from our truck manufacturer or OEM customers could significantly impact our revenues and, accordingly, have a material adverse affect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
Any delay in our suppliers’ abilities to provide us with necessary materials and components may affect our capabilities at a number of our manufacturing locations, or may require us to seek alternative supply sources.
Any of these factors may have an adverse effect on us or may limit our flexibility in dealing with our workforce.
While we maintain insurance coverage with respect to certain product liability claims, we may not be able to obtain such insurance on acceptable terms in the future, if at all, and any such insurance may not provide adequate coverage against product liability claims.
Actions of this nature, if they occur or continue for significant periods of time, could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition in any given period.
Any failure by us to compete effectively in the markets we serve could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
Legal Proceedings We are, at any one time, party to a number of lawsuits or subject to claims arising out of the ordinary course of our business, including actions related to product liability, patent, trademark or other intellectual property infringement, contractual liability, workplace safety and environmental claims and cases, some of which involve claims for substantial damages.
While we have established accruals that we believe are adequate for our expected future liability with respect to our pending legal actions and proceedings, we cannot assure that our liability with respect to any such action or proceeding would not exceed our established accruals.
· Accounting Pronouncements Issued But Not Effective-A summary of recently issued accounting pronouncements which are not yet effective and we have not yet adopted.  ·
The binding polymer can be a conventional polynucleotide, such as DNA orRNA, or any suitable analog thereof which has the requisite sequenceselectivity.
Typically, both primers for each primer pair are pre-loaded in each ofthe respective detection chambers, along with the standard nucleotidetriphosphates, or analogs thereof, for primer extension (e.g., ATP, CTP,GTP, and TTP), and any other appropriate reagents, such as MgCl₂ orMnCl₂. A thermally stable DNA polymerase, such as Taq, Vent, or thelike, may also be pre-loaded in the chambers, or may be mixed with thesample prior to sample loading.
The presence and/or amount of target polynucleotide in a detectionchamber, as indicated by successful amplification, is detected by anysuitable means.
As used herein, “antibody” is intended to refer to a monoclonalor polyclonal antibody, an Fc portion of an antibody, or any other kindof binding partner having an equivalent function.
In yet another embodiment, the selected analytes are enzymes, and thedetection reagents include enzyme-substrate molecules which are designedto react with specific analyte enzymes in the sample, based on thesubstrate specificities of the enzymes.
Signal Detection and Analysis  The signal produced by reaction of the analyte-specific reagents withthe sample is measured by any suitable detection means, includingoptical and non-optical methods.
Where the signal is detected optically, detection may be accomplishedusing any optical detector that is compatible with the spectroscopicproperties of the signal.
The optical signal may be based on any ofa variety of optical principals, including fluorescence,chemiluminescence, light absorbance, circular dichroism, opticalrotation, Raman scattering, radioactivity, and light scattering.
As discussed above, the temperature of the detection chambers may becontrolled, if appropriate, by any of a number of suitable methods.
Prior to sample loading, any gas in the network may be replaced withanother gas, according to the requirements of the assay.
In a preferredembodiment, the residual gas is replaced with carbon dioxide, so thatany gas bubbles that appear in the network after sample loading arequickly dissolved by the sample fluid, particularly if the sample is anaqueous solution.
The features and advantages of the invention may be further understoodfrom the following example, which is not intended in any way to limitthe scope of the invention.
This condition is relatively common in young pigs, although it may occur in swine of any age.
— It is not possible in the beginning to detect any particular symptoms.
It is not a recog- nized clinical entity, particularly in relation to swine, yet it does occur, and is sometimes observed by inspectors of meat-food products.
Thus far no treatment has been found that is of any value.
The locking element can be held in position, e.g. in an embedment, inany suitable manner, for example by connection with the so-calledsun-visor binder or stiffener, which binder may comprise a metal wirethat extends around the sun visor and conforms to the contours thereof.
It will be understood that theattachment fitting can be provided with any desired number of pegs.
This linear movement of the attachmentfitting need not be carried out with any great degree of accuracy, sincethe outwardly facing side surfaces of the attachment fitting are formedto co-act guidingly with the side edges of the recess.
Another advantage is that the outer surfacesof the attachment fitting will hide any defects that may be present inthe visor covering at the edges of the recess, thereby further reducingthe number of visors that need be scrapped.
Such controllers can take any suitable form.
— Morbid anatomy has not yet thrown much light upon the nature of local spasms.
In the treatment of functional spasmodic affections the greatest care must be taken- to discover and remove any source of peripheral irritation, and in hysteria great attention must be paid to the treatment of ovarian and uterine disorders.
Bromide of potassium is found very useful in the treatment of hysterical spasms, but the administration of iron and other tonics, with attention to the health of the patient, is much more generally useful than any special remedies.
In such case she should be carried there as quickly as possible, placed upon the floor, and immediately left quite alone, the door being shut, and no one being sufl!ered to open it on any pretext whatever until the patient does so herself.
The levator palpebral superioris is but seldom affected by tonic spasm as an isolated affection, and hardly ever by clonic spasm.
Every eflfort to move the eye in any direction causes it to rotate outwards and downwards, and it gradually becomes fixed in this position by the secondary contraction of the external rectus and superior oblique.
The tensor tympani is also supplied by the fifth nerve, and it is probable that disorders of hearing may accompany masticatory paralysis in the absence of any lesion of the auditory nerve, consisting of noises in the ears, and a diminished power of appreciating deep tones.
Yet another exemplary embodiment of the present invention provides amethod in which a base station allocates pilots in a multiple-antennacommunication system.
The occupant sensing system may also be any of thosesystems and apparatus described in any of the current assignee'sabove-referenced patents and patent applications or any other comparableoccupant sensing system which performs any or all of the same functionsas they relate to occupant sensing.
Crash sensor 416 may be any type of crash sensor.
The communications device 419 can be designed to transmit information toany number of different types of facilities.
Other innovations described herein include the transmission ofany video data from a vehicle to another vehicle or to a facility remotefrom the vehicle by any means such as a telematics communication systemsuch as DSRC, OnStar®, a cellular phone system, a communication via GEO,geocentric or other satellite system and any communication thatcommunicates the results of a pattern recognition system analysis.
Also,any communication from a vehicle can combine sensor information withlocation information.
The vehicle diagnostic system described above using a telematics linkcan transmit information from any type of sensors on the vehicle.
One particular system requires mentioning which is the use of high speedsatellite or Wi-Fi internet service such as supplied by Wi-Fi hot spotsor KVH Industries, Inc. for any and all vehicle communications includingvehicle telephone, TV and radio services.
The PID can be programmedand provided with sensors to sense fire, cold, harmful chemicals orvapors, biological agents (such as smallpox or anthrax) for use in avehicle or any other environment.
An automatic phone call, or othercommunication, can be initiated when a hazardous substance (or any otherdangerous or hazardous situation or event) is detected to inform theauthorities along with the location of the PID.
It can also monitorfor terrorist activities such as the release of chemical or biologicalagents as well as provide photographs of anomalies such as trafficaccidents, mud slides or fallen trees across the road, etc., any or allof this information can be automatically fed to the appropriate IPaddress over the Internet providing for ubiquitous information gatheringand dissemination.
The safety system wiring was first conceived of as a method forpermitting the location of airbag crash sensors at locations where theycan most effectively sense a vehicle crash and yet permit thatinformation to be transmitted to the airbag control circuitry which maybe located in a protected portion of the interior of the vehicle or mayeven be located on the airbag module itself.
The main diagnostics for a module can also residewithin the module which transmits either a ready or a fault signal tothe main monitoring circuit which now needs only to turn on a warninglight, and perhaps record the fault, if any of the modules either failsto transmit a ready signal or sends a fault signal.
Thus, all ofthe electronics associated with the airbag system except the sensor andits associated electronics, if any, could be within or adjacent to theairbag module.
In addition, the electronicmodule 435 can monitor the power supply voltage, to assure thatsufficient energy is stored to initiate the inflator assembly 432 whenrequired, and power the other processes, and can report periodicallyover the vehicle bus 436 to the central diagnostic module, shownschematically at 437, to indicate that the module is ready, i.e., thereis sufficient power of inflate or deploy the airbag 431 and operate theoccupant position sensor transmitter/receiver pair 433, 434, or sends afault code if a failure in any component being monitored has beendetected.
It should be understood that airbag module 430 is a schematicrepresentation only and thus, may represent any of the airbag modulesdescribed above in any of the mounting locations.
The crash sensor(s) may be arranged separate and at a locationapart from the housings and generate a coded signal when deployment ofany one of the deployable components is desired.
The safety bus, or any other vehicle bus, may use a coaxial cable.
Some vehicles have sensors mounted in the front of the vehicle and manyvehicles also have sensors mounted in the side structure (the door,B-Pillar, sill, or any other location that is rigidly connected to theside crush zone of the vehicle).
The claimed subject matter is not limited to implementations that solve any or all disadvantages noted in the Background.
As will be appreciated by one skilled in the art, aspects of the present disclosure may be illustrated and described herein in any of a number of patentable classes or context including any new and useful process, machine, manufacture, or composition of matter, or any new and useful improvement thereof.
Any combination of one or more computer readable media may be utilized.
A computer readable storage medium may be, for example, but not limited to, an electronic, magnetic, optical, electromagnetic, or semiconductor system, apparatus, or device, or any suitable combination of the foregoing.
More specific examples (a non-exhaustive list) of the computer readable storage medium would include the following: a portable computer diskette, a hard disk, a random access memory (RAM), a read-only memory (ROM), an erasable programmable read-only memory (EPROM or Flash memory), an appropriate optical fiber with a repeater, a portable compact disc read-only memory (CD-ROM), an optical storage device, a magnetic storage device, or any suitable combination of the foregoing.
